- I learnt weblflow in a week
  collapsed:: true
	- original title was in a day
	  collapsed:: true
		- first, excited to complete new webflow 3.0 masterclass in
		- second driven by old mindset of powering through courses but ignoring fundamentals
		- realised webflow is complex. But easy
			- almost all options
			- drving a car  does not mean u fly plane  directly
		- tie to mastry over tools in deep work
		- hero section was ready in an hour. Will defo be faster once I start focusing on builds
		-
- leverage deep work to supercharge ur career
  collapsed:: true
	- investor vc -> content
	- tools -> weblow, framer
		- declerative future
			- jquery to react
				- next
	- skills -> blockchain
- only what gets measured and reported sticks
- clickup review
- opsys review
- todoist for personal, why it works, what limitations it has and how I would improve it
  collapsed:: true
	- use this to apply for doist internship
- career advice in form of dating advice
  collapsed:: true
	- obsessing over someone shiny
	- each day measure -> not good enough, feel dejected
	- instead define ur own level
	- work towards it
	- locus of control
- [[My meditation experience]]
- [[Lessons from freelance journey]]
- [[everything is an experience]]
  collapsed:: true
	- beach intro
		- Watching movie, netflix and chill, cafe, these are some of people favorite date activities. Mine's sunset. There's a unique comfort in seeing a day pass by and knowing that end of the day you are not alone. On other ocassions the computer's blue light takes this pain away by taking away all sensations. So on this particualr ocassion, we saw the sun set. attention finally went to the date. The fading lights made her skin glow nicely. all internal voices screaming 'kiss her'
		- i took out my little pocket notebook and listed out the pros and cons of escalating things with her.the answer was yes but by then she had excused herself and left.
		- some of it is imaginary. up to you to decide how much
	-
- [[Ethindia Experience article]]
- bank
  collapsed:: true
	- 921010044362851
	- UTIB0001169
- tasks
	- leo
	- ff
	- tql app
	- tql portfolio
	- ethindia fellowship
- gumroad alt [thread](https://twitter.com/quentinvllrd/status/1604106506277888000)
- https://slice.so/ good clone proj
- https://github.com/immerjs/use-immer
-
-