- [work on what matters](https://staffeng.com/guides/work-on-what-matters?utm_source=pocket_saves)
	- I've taken to using the word "energized" over "impactful." "Impactful" feels company-centric, and while that's important, "energized" is more inwards-looking. Finding energizing work is what has kept me at Stripe for so long, pursuing impactful work. - [Michelle Bu](https://staffeng.com/stories/michelle-bu)
	- If you're continuing to advance in your career, then even as your time available for work shrinks, the expectations around your impact will keep growing. You can try sleeping less or depriving yourself of the non-work activities you need to feel whole, but you'll inevitably find that your work maintains an aloof indifference to your sacrifice rather than rewarding it. Only through [pacing your career to your life](https://lethain.com/forty-year-career/) can you sustain yourself for the long-term.
	- Indeed, pacing yourself becomes the central challenge of a sustained, successful career: increasingly senior roles require that you accomplish more and more and do it in less and less time. The ledge between these two constraints gets narrower the further you go, but it remains walkable if you take a deliberate approach.
	- First, a discussion on a few common ways to get tripped up: *snacking*, *preening*, and *chasing ghosts*
	- avoid snacking
	  collapsed:: true
		- If you're in a well-run organization, at some point, you're going to run out of things that are both high-impact and easy. This leaves you with a choice between shifting right to hard and high-impact or shifting down to easy and low-impact. The latter choice--easy and low-impact--is what Walk refers to as *snacking*.
		- When you're busy, these snacks give a sense of accomplishment that makes them psychologically rewarding. Still, you're unlikely to learn much from doing them, others are likely equally capable of completing them (*and* for some of them, it might be a good development opportunity), and there's a tremendous opportunity cost versus doing something higher impact.
	- stop preening
	  collapsed:: true
		- there's a particularly seductive subset of snacking that I call "preening." Preening is doing low-impact, high-visibility work. Many companies conflate high-visibility and high-impact so strongly that they can't distinguish between preening and impact, which is why it's not uncommon to see some companies' senior-most engineers spend the majority of their time doing work that's of dubious value, but that is frequently recognized in company meetings.
		- If you're taking a short-term look at [career growth](https://yenkel.dev/posts/how-to-achieve-career-growth-opportunities-skills-sponsors), then optimizing for your current organization's pathologies in evaluating impact is the optimal path: go forth and preen gloriously. However, if you're thinking about developing yourself to succeed as your [current role grows in complexity](https://lethain.com/growing-with-your-company/) or across multiple organizations, then it's far more important to strike a balance between valued work and self-growth.
		- This is also an important factor to consider when choosing a company to work at! Dig into what a company values and ensure it aligns with your intended personal growth. If a company's leadership
	- stop chasing ghosts
		- As a senior leader, you have to maintain a hold on your ego to avoid investing in meaningless work on a grand scale. This can be surprisingly challenging when during your hiring process, you've been repeatedly told that you've been hired to fix something deeply broken--you're the newly-hired savior. Of course, your instincts are right! Taking the time to understand the status quo before shifting it will always repay diligence with results.
		- had a recent discussion with someone who argued that new senior leaders *deliberately* push for major changes even though they suspect the efforts will fail. Such changes make the organization increasingly dependent on the new leader and also ensures anything that *does* go well gets attributed to the new leader directly rather than their team. If this is your approach to leadership, please know that you're awful and take the time to work on yourself until the well-being and success of an entire company matter to you more than being perceived as essential.
	- work where there is room and attention
		- Sometimes an area that an organization doesn't pay attention to is so important that you're going to want to advocate for it to start paying attention. Teaching a company to value something it doesn't care about is the hardest sort of work you can do, and it often fails, so you should do as little of it as you can, but no less. As a senior leader, you have an ethical obligation that goes beyond maximizing your company-perceived impact, but it's important to recognize what you're up against and time your efforts accordingly.
	- foster growth
		- One area that's often underinvested in (i.e., lots of room to work in) while also being highly leveraged is growing the team around you.
		- *Hiring* has a lot of folks involved in it, usually in terms of optimizing the [hiring funnel](https://lethain.com/hiring-funnel/),
		- but onboarding, mentoring, and coaching are wholly neglected at many companies despite being *at least* [as impactful as hiring to your company's engineering velocity](https://lethain.com/productivity-in-the-age-of-hypergrowth/).
		- **If you start dedicating even a couple of hours a week to developing the team around you, it's quite likely that will become your legacy long after your tech specs and pull requests are forgotten.**
	- edit
		- A surprising number of projects are one small change away from succeeding, one quick modification away from unlocking a new opportunity, or one conversation away from consensus. I think of making those small changes, quick modifications, and short conversations as *editing* your team's approach.
	- **finish things**
		- One special sort of editing is helping finish a project that just can't quite close itself out. Often you'll have a talented engineer earlier in their career who is already doing the work but can't quite create buy-in or figure out how to rescope their project into finishable work.
		- It's surprisingly common that coaching a teammate on how to tweak a project into something finishable and then lending them your privilege to budge the right friction points will transform a six-month slog into a two-week sprint with almost an identical impact.
			- how do I teach myself this ?
		- We [only get value from finishing projects](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B078Y98RG8/), and getting a project over the finish line is the magical moment it goes from risk to leverage. Time spent getting work finished is always time well spent.
	- what only you can learn
		- The final category of work that matters is the sort that you're uniquely capable of accomplishing.
		- Sure there's work that you're faster at or better at than some other folks, but much more important is the sort of work that simply won't happen if you don't do it.
		- This work is an intersection of what you're exceptionally good at and what you genuinely care about. It might be [writing your company's technology strategy](https://lethain.com/magnitudes-of-exploration/) that folks *will actually follow*, it might be convincing a great candidate to join, it might be changing your CEO's mind on how you pay down tech debt, it might [be crafting a discerning API](https://increment.com/apis/api-design-for-eager-discerning-developers/).
		- it's a category that will get both narrower and deeper the further you get into your career.
	- why it matters
		- Suppose you're interviewing for a new role twenty years into your career
			- Will the folks interviewing you understand your real impact on any of your previous projects or companies?
			- No, I guarantee they won't. Instead, you'll find yourself judged by a series of surprisingly subjective measures: your accumulated prestige, the titles you've had and companies you've worked at, your backchannel reputation, and how you present in your interview process.
		-