- timber diesel chaos tomato fancy reopen guess edge blade rubber guess ask
- Linode -> 12 PM friday
  collapsed:: true
	- account created
	- journalchat ?
- hashnode web3 writer -> We pay between 150$ - 400$ for articles according to length.
  collapsed:: true
	- You are passionate about Web3 and you're able to coherently explain what it means to almost anyone. You are a storyteller and know how to keep an audience engaged and interested in your work.
	- You follow closely or are involved in NFT, crypto, dApps, or other Web3 related projects.
	- You have a good understanding of SEO and what is it takes to write articles that rank well.
	- You have impeccable grammar and you immediately noticed the mistake from the previous sentence.
	- You wrote Web3 or tech-related articles before and you can share some of your work with us.
	- Quick writing test.
	- In 300 words or less, write a captivating and informative introduction to an article called "Is Physical Art Getting Obsolete? Understanding NFT Digital Art"
	  The intro is the place where you "sell" your article. Make it count.
	-
- [[Practical Project Management]]
- web3conf hack -> metamask created
- I Followed James Clear’s Morning Routine For 1 Week. Here’s What I Learned
  collapsed:: true
	- prepare the day b4 -> dont set alarm unless need to be somewhere -> glass of water -> 3 things grateful -> 2 min med -> 20 pages of book -> mIT ->write when ur creative energy is high -> dont check mail till noon ->
	- The most surprising part?
	  I knew that I was going to enjoy a lot of aspects of this routine, such as the time to reflect on my gratitude and read. What I didn’t expect was how much I enjoyed the two-minute meditation. Two minutes is such a short amount of time, I wasn’t expecting it to change much.
	- But I loved doing it. I found it helped center me before I got on with my day. This is no surprise given that deep breathing helps bring oxygen to the brain, relaxing you and helping you focus.
	- It’s amazing how a two-minute activity can dramatically change your routine.
	- What would I change?
	  Besides implementing stricter limits on my screen time, one thing I missed doing in the morning was going on a walk. I think it’s great to get your body moving in the morning and breathe in the fresh air.
	- Getting out of the house also helps you gain perspective of the outside world, and not get so swept up in the words and pictures on a screen.
	-
- [[Jun 28th, 2022]] meeting review
  collapsed:: true
	- images
	- seo keyword
	- firedoor pics
	- client list
	-
- [[Leo Enterprises project home]]
- https://getcoldturkey.com/writer/pricing/ mac apps
- https://rize.io/#pricing mac apps
- telegram bot
	- https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-design-a-weather-bot-in-telegram-using-javascript/
	- https://core.telegram.org/bots/samples
	- https://core.telegram.org/bots/api#making-requests
	-
-