- dapp idea
	- polygon id anon psychology app
	- also curated resources
	- huddle or livepeer for diffused videos
- intro to poly id
  collapsed:: true
	- Polygon ID, with the help of zero-knowledge proofs, lets users prove their identity without the need of exposing their private information. This ensures both the **Freedom of Expression** and **Privacy by Default** (User's identities are secured by zero-knowledge cryptography).
	- core concepts
		- claim
			- a claim represents any type of information related to an individual/enterprise/object. The claim could be as simple as the age of the entity or the highest degree held by it. It could be a membership certificate issued by a DAO. Or anything that you can think of!
		- The architecture of the framework is composed of three modules: Identity Holder, Issuer, and Verifier. These three, together, form what we call the  `triangle of trust` . Let us see what role each entity plays in Polygon ID.
		- id holder
			- An entity that holds claims in its [Wallet](https://0xpolygonid.github.io/tutorials/wallet/wallet-overview/). A claim, as mentioned above, is issued by an Issuer to the Holder. The Identity Holder generates zero-knowledge proofs of the claims issued and presents these proofs to the Verifier, which verifies that the proof is authentic and matches specific criteria
		- issuer
			- An entity (person, organization, or thing) that issues claims to the Holders. Claims are cryptographically signed by the Issuer. Every claim comes from an Issuer.
			- [**Verifier**](https://0xpolygonid.github.io/tutorials/verifier/verifier-overview/): A Verifier verifies the proof presented by a Holder. It requests the Holder to send proof based on the claims they hold in their wallet. While verifying a proof, the Verifier performs a set of checks, for example that the claim was signed by the expected Issuer and that the Claim matches the criteria requested by the Verifier. The simplest examples of a Verifier is a Bar that wants to verify if you are over 18. In the real world, the Identity Holder would need to provide an ID and show all their personal information. With Polygon ID they only need to pass a proof.
		- wallet
			- Being the carrier of the sensitive information, Wallet has been designed to ensure that the identity of its Holder is protected and preserved, and no sensitive data can be revealed to the third party without the consent of the Holder.
			- ## What Can you Achieve Using Polygon ID?
			- **Privacy using Zero-Knowledge Proofs**: An Identity Holder, using zero-knowledge proofs, can keep his/her/its personal data private. During the process of claim verification, it just needs to show a proof that he is the owner of a claim that matches certain criteria without letting the Verifier know of the actual claim. For example, an Identity Holder can prove to a Verifier authority that s/he is above 18 years of age by presenting the proof that s/he is above 18 without revealing his/her actual age. This ensures minimum data exposure and hence ensures the safety of any sensitive data. Another aspect of privacy comes from the fact that the Issuer would not be able to track the usage of claims by an individual once it has been issued.
			- **Off-Chain and On-Chain Verification**: Verification of proofs can be done either off-chain or on-chain via Smart Contracts. For example, developers can set up a contract that airdrops tokens only to users that meet certain criteria based on their claims.
			- **Self-Sovereignty**: Polygon ID renders self-sovereignty in the hands of the user. The user is the only custodian of his/her private keys; user-controlled data can be shared with third parties without taking any permission from the Issuer that has issued the claims to the user.
			- **Transitive Trust**: A transitive trust between the actors of the triangle means that the trust between two entities in one domain or context can be easily extended to other domains or contexts. For instance, the information generated by an Issuer can be conveniently used by more than one Verifier without asking for permission. Along the similar lines, an Identity Hodler can built up his/her trust by collecting multiple credentials from different Issuers in one digital wallet.
		-
- solana exploration
  collapsed:: true
	- https://solana.com/ecosystem
	- https://solana.com/hackathon
	- solana hacker house in sept plan till then ?
		- master rust ?
		- master sol ecosys ?
		- master blockchain concepts ?
	- succes in junior role
		- In three months, you have become our go-to fullstack developer working on important developer/platform features delivering at great speeds. You’ll have taken on independent code review responsibilities and are collaborating on the design of new features
		- In six months, you have earned the trust of the team and are delivering tasks through the entire SDLC, from design through development with minimal guidance, and are helping to effectively mentor new engineers joining the team
		- In six months, you have earned the trust of the team and are delivering tasks through the entire SDLC, from design through development with minimal guidance, and are helping to effectively mentor new engineers joining the team
	-
- most webflow templates are a mess/ focus on fundamentals to gain an edge later
- jito content writer job deep dive
  collapsed:: true
	- **Role Requirements:**
	- Strong writing skills with examples of prior content
	- Understanding of Solana MEV and DeFi ecosystem
	- Ability to operate autonomously
	- **Position Benefits:**
	- Paid opportunity with highly flexible timing and subject matters
	- Collaborate with one of Solana’s leading DeFi teams on MEV research
	- Broad distribution platform for written content
	- ex topics
		- Liquid Staking vs. Direct Staking: Pros and Cons
		- How do implementations differ?
		- Just-in-time liquidity and reward stealing with bundles
		- Advanced topic: How can applications protect their LPs from fee dilution of JIT?
		- AMM’s vs CLOB’s:
		- How does the MEV landscape differ on either?
		- How to evaluate PnL for making? How about taking?
		- Flash Loans on Solana: Current Usage and Expected Bundle Implementations
		- Oracle updates: How do searchers optimize transaction timing around these to maximize MEV? What role can Jito bundles play?
		- Anatomy of Solana MEV extraction. ELI5 of complicated liquidation or arb transactions. Use our [dashboard](https://jito.retool.com/embedded/public/7e37389a-c991-4fb3-a3cd-b387859c7da1) to find specific examples to walk through.
		- How does MEV extraction on Solana differ from Ethereum?
	- examples
		- https://www.recvc.com/mev-2-0-the-rise-of-mpsvs/
		- https://mirror.xyz/0x7c855e1bF411Ab5975235bC8C74E032615073044/PyNYvN7x-6ilaD_ziawWTATsti8Nf5GmayoYVK0dU0M
		- https://milkyeggs.com/?p=43
		- https://eigenphi.io/report/mev-impact-on-uniswap
	-
- ethindia review
	- need to have a personal + professional po reference when people ask what u do
	- there is a visible disgust when you mention freelancer
		- webflow and lo code agency -> 3 devs + 2 illustrators + some product mgmt
		- some web3 landing pages design in figma or framer or something
		- https://eigenphi.io/report/mev-impact-on-uniswap
		-
	- blockchain labs
		- data science project till the mlh hackathon
			- aman
			- luke
		- freelancer + climate project
			- nitish
		- trivia labs
			- tql
- 2 hour writer
	- the xp model
		- At the end of the day, your unique experience on this Earth **while pursuing those interests** is what people care about — not the interests themselves.
		- People care about **how those interests will help impact their life**. Your interests are the “how.”
		- People care about **how those interests will help impact their life**. Your interests are the “how.”
		- You add firepower to this persuasive argument by considering all aspects of the lifestyle associated with it. **Your lifestyle is unique.** No matter how “boring” you may think your lifestyle is — it is not.
		- You add firepower to this persuasive argument by considering all aspects of the lifestyle associated with it. **Your lifestyle is unique.** No matter how “boring” you may think your lifestyle is — it is not.
		- **Your Domain Of Mastery Is A Vessel For Self-Development (Most Importantly, Mental Development**
			- Your Domain Of Mastery is a structured way of digging deeper into life and connecting its sub-components. **It is a way of guiding your learning.**
			- You may not make this connection yet — but all worthwhile paths in life lead to the same endpoint, *which is life itself.* As you dig deeper and deeper into your Domain Of Mastery you will realize that everything connects.
			- This requires a foundation of self-development. A foundation of self-development creates the opportunity for unlimited unique content ideas.
			- This requires a foundation of self-development.
			- A foundation of self-development creates the opportunity for unlimited unique content ideas.
			- This requires a foundation of self-development.
			- A foundation of self-development creates the opportunity for unlimited unique content ideas.
			- **You must become a “thought leader,”** as cringe as that may sound.
		- dev stages and removing saturation
			- If everyone wrote about what they do, the lessons they’ve learned, and the interests they are pursuing in a confident and persuasive manner — everyone would attract the right people.
				- If everyone wrote about what they do, the lessons they’ve learned, and the interests they are pursuing in a confident and persuasive manner — everyone would attract the right people.
			- states -> temp
				- like if you felt extra creative for an hour or two.
			- stages-> perm
				- like if you developed your mind to a point of a new baseline level of creativity.
			- Your job is to dive into each interest of your Domain Of Mastery and develop your knowledge, skill, and understanding of those areas until you hit a new stage.
			-