- https://learn.thedankoe.com/2-hour-writer/post/310
- job opps
	- writing
		- https://medusajs.notion.site/Careers-at-Medusa-f986a1d41eb146d888f9590a360547d1?p=a7d4a3ba6a9b410289de0f69df8c3b5e&pm=s
		- https://minaprotocol.com/work-with-mina
		-
	- coding
		- keep 5 years target to go deep in a lang -> cofounder level perks
	-
	-
- grants in web3
- https://university.polygon.technology/
- https://minaprotocol.com/lightweight-blockchain
- https://minaprotocol.com/grants
- https://blog.chain.link/early-stage-web3-startup-funding-an-introduction/
- https://twitter.com/NikiGokani/status/1599684833315557377
	- decent qr code
- https://lensgarden.xyz/
- little stuff like building cards is effective but could be beter outsourced
- [The Internets Missing Identity Layer (AKA: SSI Fundamentals)](https://rise.articulate.com/share/6yVef384BAU9-yEzMh4Qq9XGK0Hoxitf#/)
	- ssi
	  collapsed:: true
		- The Internet was built without an identity layer
		- Kim Cameron, Chief Architecture of Identity, Microsoft.
		- The Internet was built without an identity layer
		- Kim Cameron, Chief Architecture of Identity, Microsoft.
		- Kim's point was that you only know the address of the machine you are connected to while using the TCP/IP protocol on the internet. That reveals nothing about the person, group, or object operating the machine and corresponding with you. (Hackers have shown ways to alter a computer's IP address or hardware [MAC] before it is transmitted to distant network devices. As a result, it is very difficult to rely on or have faith in present network-level IDs.)
		- The Internet was built by people and organizations, so it seems like it should be pretty easy to fix. As a result, we control all the "things" that use it or at least think we do. In the Internet era, how challenging is it to establish a simple, standard means of identifying people, organizations, and things?
		- The answer turns out to be: *very, very hard.*
		-
	- 4 modes of digital id
		- cemtra;ised id model 2 types
			- *Scandinavian model*—Private companies (financial and telecom firms) provide a centralized digital identity service to interact with the government (TUPAS in Finland, BankID in Sweden, and so on)
			- *Scandinavian model*—Private companies (financial and telecom firms) provide a centralized digital identity service to interact with the government (TUPAS in Finland, BankID in Sweden, and so on)
			- problems
			  collapsed:: true
				- ur resp
				- diff stds and protos
				- not portable or reusable
				- large honeypots
				-
				-
				-
		- federated id
			- The fundamental concept is straightforward: place a service provider known as *an identity provider (IDP)* in the center.
			- #+BEGIN_EXPORT hiccup
			  [:figure {} [:img {:alt "Ресурс 20.jpg", :role "img", :src "https://articulateusercontent.com/rise/courses/RnN4xb0JUgdM7ON8pndo9WFho863kf4_/CKOMWnic-h0zxs3c.png"}] [:ol {:role "list"} [:li {:role "listitem"} [:button {:aria-expanded "false", :aria-label "Labeled graphic marker, IDP, 1, Not Viewed", :aria-controls "bubble-cl70aamdx00333b71zsbx3crf", :type "button"} [:span {} [:i {}]]] [:div {} [:div {:aria-hidden "true", :aria-label "Labeled graphic bubble", :tabindex "-1"} [:div {:aria-hidden "true"} [:div {}]] [:div {} [:button {:aria-label "Previous marker", :type "button"} [:i {}]] [:button {:aria-label "Next marker", :type "button"} [:i {}]]] [:div {} [:div {}] [:div {:aria-hidden "true"} [:div {} [:p {} [:em {}] [:em {}]]]]]]]] [:li {:role "listitem"} [:button {:aria-expanded "false", :aria-label "Labeled graphic marker, Federated identity management, 2, Not Viewed", :aria-controls "bubble-cl70aamdx00343b71bqvohe0o", :type "button"} [:span {} [:i {}]]] [:div {} [:div {:aria-hidden "true", :aria-label "Labeled graphic bubble", :tabindex "-1"} [:div {:aria-hidden "true"} [:div {}]] [:div {} [:button {:aria-label "Previous marker", :type "button"} [:i {}]] [:button {:aria-label "Next marker", :type "button"} [:i {}]]] [:div {} [:div {}] [:div {:aria-hidden "true"} [:div {} [:p {}] [:p {} [:strong {}]]]]]]]]]]
			  #+END_EXPORT
		- the decentralised id
		  collapsed:: true
			- fundamentally, blockchain technology and other decentralized network technologies can provide us with a robust, decentralized solution for
				- *Exchanging public* *keys* directly to form private, secure connections between any two peers
				- *Storing some of these public keys* on public blockchains to verify the signatures on digital identity credentials (aka *verifiable credentials*) that peers can exchange to provide proof of real-world identity
			- Paradoxically, this means that the best overall comparison for the decentralized identity model is actually how we authenticate ourselves in public nearly every day: by pulling out our wallets and displaying the credentials we have acquired from other reliable sources. With decentralized digital identity, however, we accomplish this using digital connections, wallets, and credentials.
			-
		- why ssi
			- In this market, security, cost efficiency, and convenience are priorities. Everybody wants to increase data security, increase compliance with privacy and data protection laws, reduce costs by streamlining workflows, and become more competitive by providing their customers with a better user experience.
			- This includes businesses, governments, universities, and non-profit organizations. These SSI applications largely cause disruption in the market for identification and access management (IAM). They will create new businesses, business models, and market niches for IAM, as with other disruptive technologies.
			- People who wish to regain more control over their lives and data are the ones driving this movement. This SSI market driver can best be described as aiming to do for decentralized identification what Bitcoin aspires to accomplish for decentralized money. The goal of permissionless cryptocurrency technologies like Bitcoin is to build completely decentralized economies without the need for any central authorities.
			-