- leo design
	- https://pixelarity.com/zenith
	- https://pixelarity.com/hyperspace
	- examine this in depth https://www.protection-psc.com/
- [[front end engineer roadmap inspired bu rachel]]
  collapsed:: true
	- Step one know what you are getting into
		- know why companies hire product designers
		- know what problems you are supposed to solve for the company
		- know the job responsibilties
		- should you learn design ?
	- Two understand the process
		- understand the software developepment process
		- develop the irhgt mindset
	- step three develop your skills
		- soft skills
		- craft and execution
	- step 4 craft your case study -> portfolio
	- step 5 put yourself out there
	- step 6 apply for jobs
	-
- Paid resources probable
	- black friday -> 25 nov
	- ignoring noise and short term rewards
	- flux academy -> 12 months comm access with a purchase
	  collapsed:: true
		- 6 fig freelancer -> weekly comm -> 13 week -> 3 month
		  collapsed:: true
			- niching
			- messaging
			- websites and social media
			- portfolio dev
			- client attarction
			- pricing
			- sales and nego
			- outreach
			- finances
			- opes and mgmt
			- client rel
			- del
			- systematic growth
			- $695 or $278 per month (within monthly limit rn)
			-
		- web design : become a pro -> learn from specialized resources
		  collapsed:: true
			- web design process
			- honing your web design skills
				- design lang and storytelling
				- motion and animation -> handoff
				- image making
				- behavioural psych
				- design funds
			-
			-
		- brand design mastery
			- strategy
			- creative directions in branding
			- logo -> oursource -> design thinking practice
			- designing a visual id
			- brand delivery and advance topics
			-
			-
		-
	- e commerce workshop -> $50 -> lifetime access
	  collapsed:: true
		- define a plan for conquering and enroll
			- be in zone of ecomm seeking merchants
			- webflow-> shopify conversion
			-
	- https://zerotomastery.io/courses/blockchain-developer-bootcamp/
	- https://www.udemy.com/user/sgslo/
	- the futur
		- business bootcamp -> nine week -> next @ June 24 2022 -> + 9 from then ? -> $5k one off or $1k x 5m -> till then specialise where possible -> free year in futur pro group -> suitable if revenue over 50k
		  collapsed:: true
			- mindset +
			- positioning
			- comm +
			- designose
			- painless pricing
			- obj
			- closing and onboarding
			- delegating
			-
			-
		- project management course -> when taking up next client and taking care of legalities
			- https://thefutur.com/course/practical-project-management
		- blogging for creative entre
			- https://thefutur.com/course/blogging-for-creative-entrepreneurs
		- https://thefutur.com/positioning-and-lead-gen postioning and lead gen $688
		- https://thefutur.com/course/youre-a-business-not-a-freelancer -> $69
		-
	- ship30for30
		- aug cohort
		- $500 -> 50k
	- [Seo and webflow](https://www.paitacademy.com/seo-and-webflow#join-sales)
		- 697
		- after webflow and starting an agency
		-
	- [egghead](https://checkout.stripe.com/pay/cs_live_a1QIoXF47m90EzAGtiDEWJlIxGid34whgqXMoadoh7BxPWMtJuA451Ow5b#fidkdWxOYHwnPyd1blppbHNgWmIwV3xnNzxoVTZAYmFTfFRGalVXdEhpcCcpJ2hsYXYnP34nYnBsYSc%2FJzEzYzdnPDxnKGYyZmAoMWAzMihnYDAwKDYyZjY8MGFkYGcwNGBmZD0zMScpJ2hwbGEnPyc3ZzM2NGc0NyhkNz1jKDEzNz0oZGNkZCgzNDY1MzdnMWA3NjY0Z2djMGMnKSd2bGEnPydmMmNhM2BmMChgPDc2KDE2ZGEoPDJjYSgyYTQ3YTBhYGE9YzY9ZzdmMjMneCknZ2BxZHYnP15YKSdpZHxqcHFRfHVgJz8ndmxrYmlgWmxxYGgnKSd3YGNgd3dgd0p3bGJsayc%2FJ21xcXV2PyoqYGJibWBkYStsaid4JSUl)
		- $65 -> year
		- do when finished basics
		-
	- [Epic react](https://epicreact.dev/)
		- for mastering react
		- purchase in june cycle
- [Plan Your day By Integrating Todo list and Calendar](https://jamesstuber.com/plan-your-day?utm_source=pocket_mylist)
	- ties well with sunsama
	- But thinking about the next action is hard. Switching from an immersive flow state, to a more cognitive planning state, takes some context switching. Your brain would rather default to another immersive, rewarding state, like scrolling through reddit.
	- The common advice is to block social media, or unplug the internet, or move to a cabin by a lake.
	- But this isn’t fixing the underlying problem: you stopped because you didn’t know what to do next
	- The better way is to plan ahead and schedule your day
	- Have your next actions laid out in front of you. Keep ‘planning’ and ‘doing’ separate. Now when you reach an impasse, you don’t have to think. Just look at the plan.
	- A todolist is excellent at collecting and organizing actionable tasks. You can break down large projects into subtasks, and keep everything organized.
	- Todolists are awesome, but they can break down too. Look at some of the biggest complaints people have: “my list is too long”, “looking at it feels overwhelming”, “I have too many things to do!”
	- If you keep pushing todo items to the next day, it’s not a sign that you’re unproductive. It’s a sign that you’re taking on too many tasks. Get better at eliminating the inessential, at choosing what’s most important, at saying no. You aren’t being realistic with your time.
	- The real power of a calendar comes when you use it to combine your todo-list with the reality of time.
	- A calendar is a big reality check: you only have this many hours today. It’s like making a budget, but with your time instead of money.
	- With a few days of practice, planning your day takes about 10 minutes. Add in a few minutes for making adjustments throughout the day.
	- First, open up your todo-list. Look at each project, and prioritize the actions so that the most important items are at the top.
	- In a few cases, a less important action may need to come first:
		- could be a process task
	- Next, we need to select a day’s worth of tasks. Pull items from the tops of your project lists, prioritizing for approaching deadlines, important actions, and tasks that allow others to get their work started.
	- Now, put Todoist and Google Calendar next to each other on the screen. In Todoist, look at the ‘Next 7 Days’ list to see what’s coming up tomorrow. In Calendar, switch to the daily view with the keyboard shortcut ‘D’ (for daily).
	- the term ‘shallow work’ denigrates the value of certain tasks: unblocking a stuck coworker, delegating tasks, starting automated processes. These ‘shallow’ tasks enable your team or company to get more done, even if you have to sacrifice some of your own ‘deep work’ time.
	- Process tasks are short little actions that just need to get done. These can be fit in during smaller blocks of time, or they can be scheduled together in a larger block of time.
	- Schedule immersive tasks first. Why?
		- Most people find it easier to focus in the morning
		  Avoid filling the morning with process tasks, then not having the energy to do deep work in the afternoon.
	- balance immersive and process actions
	  collapsed:: true
		- Some days, you might have the whole day available for immersive tasks. While immersive work is important, and often neglected, you need to leave space for process tasks. Unblocking coworkers, and getting admin work done is a necessary part of our world.
		- How to balance? Charnas suggests starting with a 50/50 split, and adjusting from there. A writer might have something like 90/10 immersive/process, while a CEO more like 10/90.
		- Blocking out a period of time leaves your calendar cleaner. It helps to group similar either block out period of time to just do them (can group by email/phone/whatever)
		-
	- An ideal day with this system looks something like this:
		- Wake up
		  Perform your AM routine
		  Commute
		  Open up Todoist and your Calendar
		  Take a look at what your day looks like
		  Look at the first thing on your Calendar and get cracking
	- At the end of the day I have more realistic view of how much I can get done. If I plan in the morning, I’m fresh, and eager to go. I think I can get so much more done than I really can, and schedule way too much. I always end up overwhelming myself.