- Trello as a freelancer
  collapsed:: true
	- usp -> ability to share a board via link. no need to set up team
- [[Thequizlabs project home]]
  collapsed:: true
	- what do we already know ?
		-
- reading
  collapsed:: true
	- [a;i abdal productivity masterclass lesssons](https://zufine.medium.com/ali-abdaals-productivity-masterclass-my-learnings-dee417d0c765)
	  collapsed:: true
		- The Productivity Equation
		  Productivity is equal to Useful Output divided by Time multiplied by Fun Factor.
		-
		- To take care of these three components, our day is divided into three parts — Pilot, Plane, and Engineer.
		- 10% of our time in a day must be spent on Pilot mode which means setting course and planning for the day ahead.
		- 80% of our time should be spent on Plane mode. This means most of our time should go into following the routine and direction set by the pilot.
		- And the remaining 5-10% of the time should be as an Engineer which makes sure we are efficient in the plane mode. They include various productivity apps and assistance.
		- prompt 1 : which mode struggle the most ?
		-
	- [tried the 4 day workweek for 3 years](https://medium.com/bricksnbrackets/i-tried-the-four-day-workweek-for-three-years-does-it-work-8ac71c8d3146?source=explore---------11-2--------------------3c2abfe1_60f3_4130_a68b_da0a0e6c9b70-------15&utm_source=pocket_mylist)
	  collapsed:: true
		- You start strategising your time. Efficient use of time is no bullshit. Heck, I wrote about it too. But it goes beyond that. Procrastination is a problem for most humans. Even those who claim they never do it, they still do to some extent and if you’d check every hour spent, you’d find “activities” that are time-wasters. I started putting my lunches and everything else I wanted to do during the workday into my calendar. That helped me cut down on staring at the walls, scratching my butt, getting lost in browser tabs or going to meetings that had nothing to do with me. If you can’t remember what you did that day at work, it’s highly likely you wasted most of the day.
		- You work to live, not live to work. We say this a lot, but how many of us truly live it? Disturbingly few. The moment I had my extra day off every week, I realised how much more potential my life had. I feel like I am 20 again, like somehow I got back 16 years of my life. And while I know I didn’t, the almost absurd feeling that I did, gives me three times the energy I had before.
		-
	- [you are nopt busy just unorganised](https://medium.com/mind-cafe/youre-not-busy-you-re-just-unorganized-177cc5085ec4?source=explore---------9-98--------------------3c2abfe1_60f3_4130_a68b_da0a0e6c9b70-------15&utm_source=pocket_mylist)
		- It’s not just my future daughter that worries me. Two close family members are undergoing serious medical treatment for illnesses that will likely kill them in the future. Their expiry dates are unknown.
		- Maybe a few months. Maybe a few years. What is known is that what they die of is now a certainty.
		- Being busy takes my mind off it.
	- [why self taught devs burn out](https://ladoppiaesse.hashnode.dev/why-self-taught-web-developer-quit)
		- lack of purpose
		- self doubt
		- not thinking like a programmer
			- read the [book](https://nostarch.com/thinklikeaprogrammer)
			- [be a librarian, not encyclopedia](https://scrimba.com/podcast/be-a-librarian-not-an-encyclopedia-of-code-how-to-learn-and-teach-better-with-guil-hernandez/)
		- lack of comm support
		- lack of online presence
		-
- moodboard inspirations
  collapsed:: true
	- https://www.barsmarts.com/?ref=lapaninja
	-
- guide for planning projects
	-