- insights
  collapsed:: true
	- mukesh tasks : weekly email -> 90 mins of tasks
	- https://shop.thedankoe.com/planner?r_done=1 set event to buy and do on monday dec 5th
	-
- learning
	- [why fear of  failure ruining life](https://thedankoe.com/why-fear-of-failure-is-ruining-your-life/?utm_source=pocket_saves)
	  collapsed:: true
		- Learning is a byproduct of *experience*.
		- It is a spectrum of feelings, lights, sounds, tastes, and other distinctions that form a single *perspective*
		- 1st step to true learning -> chanigng perception of failure
			- make peace with fact it exists. dont judge
			- Success, in any endeavor, is a process of investing in your portfolio of failures **until there is nothing else to fail at****.** That is, until your investments compound and you can afford to succeed.
				- LATER  what is my portfolio of failure ?
		- how to fail happiliy: where known and unkn own meets
		  collapsed:: true
			- A grandmaster at chess may find enjoyment in the challenge that comes from teaching a beginner, but playing against one? **Boring**. The grandmaster’s skills must be tested for him to kick into flow. [For his attention to be immersed in the goal he is pursuing](https://thedankoe.com/why-you-always-feel-overwhelmed/).
			- comfort -> kniwn dicomf => unknoen and fulfillment -> edge
			- You can enjoy failing more often by pursuing the right goal.
			- *One that isn’t so far away that you get lost in the unknown, but one that isn’t so close that you get bored.*
			- A question before we come to an end:
			- Is your vision valuable enough to you?
				- That is, have you *internalized, appreciated, and thought with depth* about how actualizing that vision will spill over into your life?
				- Is financial freedom worth 10 years of *failure*? What’s the other option if not? Is THAT worth 10 years of struggle?
			-
		- you dont need more advice
			- Build, create, challenge yourself, try everything, and figure it out.
		-
		-
	- [why you always feel overwhelmed](https://thedankoe.com/why-you-always-feel-overwhelmed/?utm_source=pocket_saves)
		- noticed one pattern in successful ppl -> focus
		- **By maintaining focus on individual “figments of consciousness” — instead of split between 10 figments — we can lead happy, healthy, and fulfilling lives.**
		- content of consxiousnes
		  collapsed:: true
			- mind -> sup comp
			- ram-> cons att
			- limit of human brain 126 bits per sec
			- The modern mind has it’s attention split in infinite directions by default. We go about our lives stressed and near sickness. Rather than living in the present with singular focus and a worry free mind, we are the opposite. Living in a false reality created by split attention.
			-
		- 8 steps of consciousness
			- chiise a lkagging area in life
			- gain clarity on the funa,mentals
			- create an ability based goal
			- self educate after you start
				- Stop trying to figure everything out before you start. That’s called mental masturbation.
			- block out hour every day
			- immerse in the contents of that goal
			- recognize the ultimate distractions
			- put in the reps
			-
- tasks
	- set conditions for going through future bought courses
	- https://www.modernmastery.co/community/modern-mastery-hq join on jan 1 $300
	-