- [[Complete Web Design : from figma to webflow to freelancing]]
-
	- [reach curriculum](https://reachsh.notion.site/ETHIndia-167b68324f5e4fc58c538f83a733ec13)
-
- leo
	- [color for bright pallette](https://dribbble.com/shots/15920312/attachments/7751111?mode=media)
	- [green theme if needed](https://cdn.dribbble.com/users/5216660/screenshots/18535085/media/0364442eb366606858d8cf9468edb90b.png)
- fitness factory
	- given content
	  collapsed:: true
		- Fitness Factory Goa is a First Of Its Kind Fitness Start-Up Organization that was launched by Kaushal
		  Gaonkar(CERTIFIED FITNESS AND NUTRITION COACH) in 2020.
		- informative
		  and engaging fitness communities in Goa with more than 6000 members.
		- Not just any other fitness company, Fitness Factory is a safe and judgement free community.
		  A place where you can discuss health and fitness, learn, get motivated, transform, share and enhance
		  your health and fitness. THE ONLY TRULY 24X7 GYM IN GOA.
		- Fitness Factory was founded in October 2020 by Kaushal Gaonkar, a software engineer who
		  transformed himself while he was in college.The fitness mantra underpinning is to educate and
		  empower the end-user to transform & inspire others to get fit.
		- services -> one-stop solution for all health & fitness guidance and related needs.
			- host of industry-standard diet & training tools
			- personalised
			  guidance, customised plans & weekly follow-ups with one of our certified coaches by paying a small
			  premium.
			- we have helped
			  transform the health and lifestyle of more than 5000 people from across the globe and from all walks
			- cardio zone
			- strength zone
			- crossfit
			- diet consultation
			- group fitness studio
			- zumba
			- yoga
			- spa salon
			- health cafe
			- physio therapy
			- mma kickboxing
			- karate self defence
		- https://www.ozoneclubs.com/facilities-services.php for text
		- institute
		-
	- business page
		- setup
			- categories : corporate, commerical, educational , hotels and resorts, residential,govt and muncipal,
			- packages by :
				- budget,
					- 10 L , 15, 20, 35,45,60,80,1cr
				- area,
					- 1k sq ft, 1.5,2, 2500, 3000
		- renovation
		- sports arena setup
			- artificial turf,vadminton, tt,
			- 3d models
		- products providers
		- supply of
			- equipments
			- interior design
		- consultancy
			- location selection
			- flooring area selection
		-