- freelance trench stories -> crowd sourced
- buy as new year res if $30 https://readmake.com/
- readwise review
  collapsed:: true
	- genrelaist vs spl
		- #### Should you become an All-rounder or Expert? | Generalist vs. Specialist Research & Debate
		- ###### Metadata
		- Author: Till Musshoff
		- Category: video
		- URL: https://youtu.be/XJsCM7xyETc?list=PLXYyE43vBNhnsWzQNMRgepuO7uEXcmy6g
		- ## Highlights
		  
		  what i don't like about these models like t shaped is that they make skills look very detached from one another
		  
		  my model would look something like this
			- instead almost like a neural network that has an input layer in the form of skills and an output layer that displays how the skills have been recombined to
			  it can be reverse engineered you can think of what you want to create as a starting point and figure out what you need to learn for your creation this is how i usually look at my own projects this model shows why i believe that every generalist is a specialist at the same time i give you a concrete example the last video i created
				- i think you would agree that there are not many people in the world who can create a video the way i did on the topic of bitcoin which is the definition of an expert or
				  specialist to have a rare skill but look at what was necessary for the video to come to life
					- my computer science background helped to understand bitcoin my entrepreneurial pursuits make me interested in the underlying economics the video editing was possible through what i learned when i was 17.the professional production quality came from the things i learned while producing the live show for playstation 3 point remember and lighting color correction stuff like that i also learned to have at least somewhat of a camera presence through my work as
					  
					  an esports commentator and the graphic animations were possible through the graphic design foundations i learned a few years ago so as you can see the video i created is just the recombination of all my non-expert status skills just as my productivity software that i created is a recombination of my all-around skills and everything else i do and will do[Music]while there will be more videos on bitcoin especially the next one for example i'm interested in more than one niche so my future videos will revolve around
- warikoo qs
	- What's the riskiest thing you have done in life?*
	- 2.    Choose between money or power? Why?
	  3. 3.    Are you usually more spontaneous or calculative? Why?
	  4. 4.    Do you usually strive for speed or perfection? Why?
	  5. 5.    What's more important - the institute name or the course you study? Why?
	  6. 6.    What are you most passionate about in life?
	  7.7.    Why do you get angry? How often?
	- 7.    Why do you get angry? How often?
	  8. 8.    Why do you lose patience? How often?
	  9. 9.    When was the last time you were intimidated?
	  10. 10.  When was the last time you had self-doubt?
	  11. 11.  What would your worst enemy say about you?
	  12. 12.  List at least 3 things you have learnt about life
	  13. What advantage do you have that will actually make you feel bad for somebody competing with you?
	  14. If you’re in a bad mood, do you prefer to be left alone or have someone cheer you up?
	  15. 15.  What would you do differently if you knew nobody would judge you?
	  16. 16. Rate your self-worth on a scale of 10, 10 being highest?
	  17. 17. Which individual from the past (not alive anymore) would you wish to meet?
	  18. 18. Where do you draw the most energy from? It could be a person, it could be a task, it could be an experience.
	  19. 19. What time do you generally get up everyday? What time do you sleep?
	  20. 20. What do you believe you are best at?