- Warmup reading
  collapsed:: true
	- [What to Do When You Feel Like Doing Nothing](https://medium.com/curious/what-to-do-when-you-feel-like-doing-nothing-154853ed84b5?source=explore---------0-98--------------------7eaf89a3_c70b_4bc6_99f8_8f7e35811e5f-------15&utm_source=pocket_mylist)
		- In the blink of an eye, I went from 23 to 27 years old.
		- I’m serious. It’s felt like I flicked a switch and boom, the world has jumped ahead 4 years and I’ve barely held on. When time moves on and you’re still having the same conversations, there’s an issue.
		- My entire life (well okay, since 14 years old) I’ve wanted to build something of my own and up until 2 years ago, I did virtually nothing about it. I was stuck in the same excuses.
		- **Life never waits**
		- its not time u lack but discipline
		- pain is the process
			- weekends are where the magic happens
	- [I Wrote Six Times on Twitter Every Day for 210 Days — Here’s What Happened](https://writingcooperative.com/i-wrote-six-times-on-twitter-every-day-for-210-days-heres-what-happened-8bdcc7ee0f81?utm_source=pocket_mylist)
		- I used to spend hours writing long articles, only to publish them and discover they had no value. Twitter solved the problem.
		- Writing there is just different. Until you try writing there, it won’t make sense.\
		-
		- On Twitter you’ve got to get to the point before you run out of characters. It was like a Wordle game for me.
		- Crafting a Twitter Thread is similar to how Michael Angelo carved the statue of David out of marble. He got a huge chunk of marble and just chipped way until a man with a huge willy emerged.
		- It’s easier and more fun to write Twitter Threads from scratch. It takes less time and forces you to channel the most concise thoughts known to humankind.
		- Writing one thing per day is a powerful habit
		- Tweets became the basis for all other content
		- What I loved about Twitter during my experiment was its speed.
		- You can post a tweet and get reactions, comments and feedback, fast. Some of my most popular tweets became headlines for long-form articles. I used tweet threads as the bones of new articles too.
		-
		- Twitter solved that problem for me. I don’t guess. I use data to guide what topics I cover and validate ideas.
		- Email subscribers took a while to crank
			- revue for subs -> import into app of choice weekly
			-
- [thread on figma origin story](https://twitter.com/AprilynneAlter/status/1545422518776840192)
- https://twitter.com/Advaidism/status/1545629969346605056
- nocode deep dive
	- [accounts to follow](https://twitter.com/ankitvekaria/status/1545623277556711424)
	- https://t.co/L0sBLbt5Qb
- https://twitter.com/web3university
	- https://t.co/lTB8RTaUBp
	- https://www.web3.university/ ux case study
- the truth about side business
  collapsed:: true
	- To be a business owner in the current climate, you would fall into the 8% of the population within the UK today. According to current stats, there are 5.8 million SMEs in the UK today and there are 66.44 million people in the UK today. Only 30% of those businesses will make it to their 10th year. With that in mind, you are now actually asking to be in 0.76% of the population. And only a tiny proportion of them will make anything near £10 million.
	- If you want to be in the 1% you will have to do what 99% of the population will not.
	- But when the rest of the world is kicking off their shoes and chilling, that’s the time to speed up. But speeding up on half a tank can be hard work.
	- The truth is that working a side hustle is a dance. It’s listening to your body. It’s making deals with yourself. It’s sacrificing the Netflixing on some nights. Sometimes. Because you are trying to be better.
	- You are constantly trading your free time for nothing in return. You work hard to get nowhere. I’d recently spent 15 hours going back and forth with suppliers in hopes of building my dream product. 5 weeks later the samples arrived. Completely wrong. It’s tiring.
	- **You must believe that quitely you are building something**
		-
		- You know when you throw eggs, flour, butter, sugar and vanilla in a bowl together it looks like a mess. It’s a blur of different consistencies, flavours and vibes all popping off in one bowl. It’s confusing.
		- You flit back at the instructions. Is this what it should look like?
		- But what feels progressive is deceptive. Constantly complaining about the job you have and the work you do won’t move you any closer to where you want to be. You’ll spend your day in a negative funk. Complaining makes you feel loud. It tricks your brain into thinking you are being constructive.
		-
	-
- morning routine
  collapsed:: true
	- 5 second rule
		- When you’re faced with the decision to hit snooze or to just get the heck up, count down from five.
		- The reason this 5-second rule is effective is because your brain is wired to expect something to happen once you hit “1.”
	- cross off first thing
	- prioritise breakfast
	- standadize
	- start with smallest high value task
	- **Don’t make plans in the morning. You are most alert in the morning, so focus on tasks that require massive mental power. Put your brain energy to productive use by getting things done instead of thinking about what to do.**
	- ventilate
	-