- create react handoff may be code reading
  collapsed:: true
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 09:58:41]
  CLOCK: [2022-10-18 Tue 09:58:42]
  :END:
	- https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore
	-
- block time for leo and fitness factor tasks
- i stayed jobless for 3  years to learn this
- web3 research engineer job pursuit
  collapsed:: true
	- att to detail
	- high agency independence
	- I approached job hunt like a rocket scientist
	- . We care less about your prior successes and more about your growth trajectory.]
	- why might we fail [link](https://www.notion.so/Why-your-application-didn-t-make-the-cut-9cbe1dcf2eea4bd8b8e62a200e04c2fb)
	  collapsed:: true
		- We're all builders at heart, and we want to work with folks that care about their craft. We love people who spend their college time churning out great side projects — small tools, apps, projects, etc. Open source contribution is also a big plus. We spend a lot of time checking out your portfolio, GitHub, Devfolio, Dribbble, etc., and if there's not much there, we're unlikely to invite you for a call.
		- Internships are training, but that's not all it's about. We give our interns real responsibilities (for e.g., shipping to production in the very first week), complete ownership over important projects, mentoring them along the way. We want people who demonstrate their experience and willingness to work with small and fast-moving teams. We understand that there can be other reasons for not having traditional work experience before — you could've been busy doing freelance work for your clients, building your own projects, running a company, being the main organizer of your college coding club, but you gotta tell us that.
		- We hire engineers across four main verticals — Frontend, Backend, iOS, and Android. We expect our incoming interns to have basic knowledge of a few of these but a deeper understanding of one of them. We like generalists, but we value engineering expertise. We see many profiles riddled with all the latest buzzwords — AI, ML, Blockchain, Data Science, IoT, etc., but with no evidence of you having solid fundamentals. If your profile showcases a willingness to dive deep into something — we're more likely to take your application forward.
		- We hire engineers across four main verticals — Frontend, Backend, iOS, and Android. We expect our incoming interns to have basic knowledge of a few of these but a deeper understanding of one of them. We like generalists, but we value engineering expertise. We see many profiles riddled with all the latest buzzwords — AI, ML, Blockchain, Data Science, IoT, etc., but with no evidence of you having solid fundamentals. If your profile showcases a willingness to dive deep into something — we're more likely to take your application forward.
		- but we value good communicators too. All of us work asynchronously (and currently remotely), which has made good communication more important than ever. It's true that if you're a top 0.0001%ile builder, we'll hire you even if you don't like to communicate or write much, but if you were that person, we'd be the ones getting in touch, not the other way around.
		-
	- what will be working on
	  collapsed:: true
		- You’ll be running experiments around creating a social as well as an economic layer on top of the current existing Devfolio platform.
		- You’ll get to implement projects like building an auth layer to bring more than 200k+ builders onto the Web3 world (Sign-in With Ethereum), running Quadratic Funding pools for hackathon projects, building a credentialing mechanism, social graphs, and many more.
		-
		-
	- requirements
		- You're a full-stack generalist who loves a good challenge. You love to build features end-to-end and reliably ship code, with an eye toward maintainability.
		- You love learning new technologies. Whether it's working with something that involves exploring game theory to hacking a new social graph protocol, you're excited about learning new tech and contributing to a diverse set of projects.
		- You have some building experience. You've built cool things in the past.
		- You like documenting your work since most of the features will be experimenting they might need to be documented thoroughly.
		- **You’re good at learning the basics, asking “dumb” questions, and finding the material you need to get up to speed on something important.**
		- **You’re able to share what you’ve learned with others, increasing the leverage of your work by striving to help others not only understand but even extend your work.**
		- You’re fascinated by the potential that web3 has to offer and love following the latest research happening in the web3/crypto space.
		- You’re able to work without much oversight, going deep on a topic until you’ve built a sufficient understanding.
		- Having knowledge of Solidity/Rust/C++/Assembly is strongly encouraged.
	- application process
		- Begin by sending your portfolio/work to join@devfolio.co. If there’s a fit we will reach back to you to have an introductory 30 minutes call to understand your background, and motivations and share more about what we are building at Devfolio.
		- If we end up being on the same page we will send you an interesting takeaway task that you can finish on a timeline suggested by you.
		- We usually get back in 2 days, if you pass the task we’ll have another short call where you will be congratulated, welcomed, and offered the position. Even if you don’t make it this time we’ll send you a goodie pack regardless
	- If you think you'd like to join us, write to us at **[join@devfolio.co](mailto:join@devfolio.co)** (with "Web3 Research Engineer" as the subject)**,** with links to your **GitHub profile**, **Devfolio profile,** **personal portfolio**, **LinkedIn,** or anything else you think might be relevant**.** To truly stand out, we recommend you answer at least one of these questions:
	- What's the best thing you've made without anybody asking?
	- What's the first thing you built? When and why did you build it?
	- What's a popular opinion that you agree with?
	- What great software is nobody building?
- [web3 transistion oppo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HrulPZs7kw)
  collapsed:: true
	- patreon slightly towards web3
		- web3 clones -> focus on the contracts
		- backbone of creator eco -> nft
			- ex of alphas: private discordservers
			- there is no web2 or 3, just evo of platforms
		-
- [3 prod hacks ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ml078OGu6qc)
  collapsed:: true
	- make decisions for ur future ahead of time
	- reduce food decisions
	- meditation
- https://1stman.podia.com/outlier-male-body-language-course
-