- tailwind benefits[https://www.flavienbonvin.com/using-tailwind-after-exclusively-using-component-libraries/?utm_source=pocket_mylist]
  collapsed:: true
	- I’ve been developing React application for about 4 years now. I had the chance to write many componentDidMount weeks before the React 16.8 releases.
	- I mostly used component libraries to help me implement the different views handed by the design. First using Ant design, we decided to move to Chakra in 2021 for its superior customization and better accessibility support.
	- Using Ant design allowed me to learn to build React application since CSS was mostly handled by Ant.
		- When our project became too custom for Ant design (Ant doesn’t allow full customization), we moved to Chakra, which allows more granular control over every CSS properties.
	- Using Chakra meant that CSS was becoming more important. I had to manage property that weren’t an issue before. Using Chakra definitely helped me improve my CSS skills, which are critical for a web developer.
	- Where it’s true that some component libraries offer those benefits, not all of them do. Some of them, looking at your Ant, are a pain to customize and developers must resolve to override CSS styles.
	- Components libraries also come with prebuilt props and behavior. A button will probably have several variants, a disabled and loading state, which will definitively speed development. However, they might also come with props that you’ll never use.
	- aving unused JavaScript is not great when you have control over the code, but is even worse when developers don’t have access over the code. The features offered by a component library often comes at the cost of a larger bundle size,
	- I think that Chakra-UI offers first-class customization support. Every component CSS property can be changed in a config file. Besides, variants can be created, making reusability a breeze.
	- It’s also possible to close the gab between a Tailwind and a component library with Headless UI that offer amon other components modal, drop-down or popovers.
	- Tailwind main selling point is its non-opinionated and total control over CSS. Installing Tailwind basically resets all styles on the browser. From there, developers choose what each element should look like.
	- Building components becomes a breeze since nothing is imposed on the developer. There are no unwanted margin defined somewhere in the project, styling override or things like that. Everything can be styled as needed.
	- **Tailwind, PostCSS and autoprefixer  are installed as a dev dependency, this means they aren’t present once the project compiled. A project using Tailwind will only have one CSS file that only contains the classes used in the project. **
	- This is great since it means that it’s easy to hop out of Tailwind if it’s needed. That’s a concern I got more aware of recently, it’s great to be able to easily move out of a technology if the need occurs.
	- For example, it’s easier to leave Supabase for a dedicated Postgres database than to leave Firestore.  Using libraries as close as standards will mean less work for future developers once the solution no longer suits the requirements.
	- what didnt  like
		- all compos such as buttons to be manually builot
			- use headless ui to fill this gap
		- team adoption
			- The prettier plugin for Tailwind should also help have some common classes sorting.
		- reliability of bigeer componwents
	- Now that I have some experience with the framework, I can see when in which cases it brings value.
		- First case is where you work with different technologies. Using Tailwind is the same for React, Vue, PHP or plain HTML (except the configuration). Classes and theming are the same, meaning that the team working on all those project doesn’t have to learn different component libraries.
		- An MVP or a small project will have a limited number of components and text styles, this means that you’ll have to build a limited number of components. Besides, as project scale, so can the components, removing the need for a future switch once the component library no longer suits projects needs.
		- I think that Tailwind can help communication between design and development team. Tailwind is basically a collection of styles that can be applied to HTML elements. Components libraries have default styling or use ways to customize the looks and feel that aren’t easy to understand for a non-developer. On the contrary, Tailwind is very descriptive, thus making it easier for designers to communicate designs changes to developers. No more «please increase the space», instead developers will get «change the p-4 to a p-6», cleared and more concise!
		-
- [[4 articles 4 weeks week2]]
- always use music while working deep
	- minimise trivial distractions. let them pile up till end of attention span
- evenings are low energy and should be reserved for shutdown -> go for a run or go at a place to brain dump
	- can go to miramar daily from wafer tech
	- or buy a cycle
- profile marjan solar website on lighthouse and pitch a redesign
-