- Nextjs docs
  collapsed:: true
	- In the development stage, Next.js optimizes for the developer and their experience building the application. It comes with features that aim to improve the Developer Experience such the TypeScript and ESLint integration, Fast Refresh, and more.
	- In the production stage, Next.js optimizes for the end-users, and their experience using the application. It aims to transform the code to make it performant and accessible.
	- With Next.js, three types of rendering methods are available: Server-Side Rendering, Static Site Generation, and Client-Side Rendering.
	- With server-side rendering, the HTML of the page is generated on a server for each request. The generated HTML, JSON data, and JavaScript instructions to make the page interactive are then sent to the client.
	- On the client, the HTML is used to show a fast non-interactive page, while React uses the JSON data and JavaScript instructions to make components interactive (for example, attaching event handlers to a button). This process is called hydration.
	- With Static Site Generation, the HTML is generated on the server, but unlike server-side rendering, there is no server at runtime. Instead, content is generated once, at build time, when the application is deployed, and the HTML is stored in a CDN and re-used for each request.
	-
- each day tasks -> list out resources to use 0> list out what to apply immediately and what over time
- carve out large chunks but not too big -> roles and energy management
- decide what you do best and stick to it
- https://morgen.so/appsupport/roadmap -> to be implemented in own apps
- don't plan on what all you can learn but around what you need to learn to apply quickest
- morgen cal
  collapsed:: true
	- limited event view
	- recurring meeting link
	- shortcuts
		- write out most helpful vscode shortcuts on sticky
	-
- todoist -> set tasks on night before
- snaps to check out
  collapsed:: true
	- https://snapcraft.io/keepassxc
	- https://wekan.github.io/
	- https://snapcraft.io/youtube-dl
	- https://snapcraft.io/gnucash-jz
	- **https://snapcraft.io/stretchly**
	-
- js advanced concepts -> 2 pillars
- js unit testing -> learn at night or evening -> 6 hrs vid + 6 hrs praactice ->measure afetr set up
- spread operator, destructuring -> start with fcc and then lookup if needed
- react https://www.udemy.com/course/complete-react-developer-zero-to-mastery/
	- comp  arch, data flow -> today
	- key concepts -> today -> start with code and only watch vid where reqd -> compare with ts version below
	- routing and firebase auth -> monday -> react context
	- reducers + redux
	- ts firebase
- design -> apply all in figma
  collapsed:: true
  id:: 629461b6-4e55-4678-bc05-5bc91bdb6997
	- day 1 layout + photos
		- udemy layout -> apply to designcourse form
		- udemy photos -> designcourse image galleries
	- day 2 responsive -> designcourse -> webflow responsive part
	- day 3 -> types -> 6 tricks every designer should know
	- day 4 prototyping
- 6 fig freelancer next module -> sat
  collapsed:: true
	- print or fill in the copy
- webflow masterclass
	- grid
	- flex
	- position
	- images and bg
	- structure and style
	- font and responsive
	- native  components and symbols
	- cms
	- animations
	-
	-
- redownload morgen
- morn ->  set time blocks and comm -> learn something new -> list of these -> weblflow and design
- [[Fitness factory project home]]
- [[Modern Css with Tailwind]]
- create firebase mapping for questions and answers
- eliminate fireship for now.
- which discord communities to join ?
- prepare dats flow and state management on paper for gpsc app
- [[react key concepts]]
-
-