- 3 things to do morning
  collapsed:: true
	- get outside
		- restarts sleep cycle
		- **About 16 hours after this boost in cortisol, your body will begin to release melatonin, which will then help you fall asleep, according to Huberman.**
	- delay morning caffeine
		- if you immediately reach for caffeine, you "suppress the action of the adenosine and you will be more alert. And then guess what happens? The caffeine wears off and the adenosine binds to the receptors with greater affinity and you have your afternoon crash."
		- Exercise will also clear out adenosine in the morning, he said.
	- increase core body temp
		- Exercising in the morning is a great way to raise your internal body temperature, he said, as well as taking a cold shower or bath. When the surface of your body is cold, your internal temperature will rise to compensate, Huberman said.
		- He added that your body and brain also [release](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/10751106/) adrenaline and dopamine when you're exposed to cold water and continue to release them hours after you're out of the water. When you combine light, exercise, and cold water exposure early in the morning, "You are creating summer in your body," Huberman said.
	-
- how to become mid dev in a year. hashnode
	- ask like crazy
		- This is something will bring up when I talk about the engineering diary, but **take notes of the questions you asked.** You don't need to write down the answer, do it if you wish, but you should write down the questions you have asked. This will keep you in check how many questions you have asked and let you see what you've learned.
	- enigneering diary
		- It will help you grow because reflecting on what you've done will help you find gaps and see what you could've done better.
		- use prompts
			- What did I like about today?
			- What did I not like about today?
			- Do I have any questions that have NOT been answered?
			- What would I have done differently if I could start the day over?
			- How many questions did I ask?
	- pair code a lot
	- domain knowledge
	- read books
		- The Software Craftsman
		- Refactoring: Improving the Design of Existing Code
		- A Philosophy of Software Design
		- Code Complete: A Practical Handbook of Software Construction
		- extreme programming
	- run after challenegs
	-