- night reading session -> one thing at a time, legendary dev, 5 unavoudable distractions
	- legendary dev at google
	- 5 distr and how to avoid
	- do one thing well
		- what will u do in next 15 minutes ?
	- 10-3-2-1-0 rule for sleeping
		- [src](https://indianexpress.com/article/lifestyle/health/good-sleep-tips-rule-10-3-2-1-0-experts-8165751/?utm_source=pocket_mylist)
		- 10 hrs b4 bed -> limit caffeine
		- 3 -> food that can upset stomach
		- 2 -> homework
		- 1 -> screen time
	- 1 secret to success and money
		- [src](https://medium.com/@eitan_levy101/i-worked-a-normal-9-5-job-but-one-thing-changed-and-i-realized-i-was-going-to-be-successful-61dfecd7bce5?source=explore---------10-98--------------------358c8155_a160_4eba_a6bd_b5fc131e0ca7-------15&utm_source=pocket_mylist)
		- “I stopped thinking I was an imposter, I was never fearful, every time I thought I was imposing I just did it anyway.”
		-
		- That sentence sat with me, I’d kind of felt like an imposter my whole career, in every meeting I felt like there was someone else in a room who could articulate the point better than me, so I just let them. I guess years of a permanent salary meant I’d become OK with sitting back and going with the flow.
		- Whilst the founder traveled for a few days, he’d left me with the task of sourcing new investors as we were running low on cash. I decided to be bold and stop feeling like an imposter, I hired a data scraper by the hour to scrape emails of 300 VCs on Linkedin in our sector, I emailed every one of them and managed to book 10 calls for the following week, I pitched our product, I sold it like it was my own, each call I became more confident than the next and by the end of that week, I’d raised an extra $2 million, which was more than we’d ever had and given us a further 6-month runway.
		-
		- I slowly became more of an authority than the business founder and felt it was time I moved on because I’d never felt more confident about being able to go it alone. So that’s just what I did, I used the same methods time after time, and guess what, it works.
		-
- 5 am club takeaways
	- 4 interior empires
		- mindset
		- soulset
		- healthset
		- hearset
- 20 20 20 rule
	- 20 exercise
		- make body sweat
			- Sweating decreases cortisol, the hormone responsible for stress and fear. Sweat also releases BDNF, the brain-repairing neurotropic factor, which speeds up the creation of new neural pathways and repairs brain cells. If you want to think quicker, make sure you get sweaty!
			- The next 20-minute block should consist of reflection and meditation. The peace you find this early will make way for more inspiration than you thought possible. Make time to write these in your journal. Take the time to focus on what you want out of the day before you get distracted. And don’t forget meditation, which has been shown to reduce cortisol which will reduce your stress
			-
			- Finally, make time to learn. Instead of wasting time on useless entertainment, spend time reading and learning. Learn from the successful people of the world. What all the ultra-rich have in common is a love of learning.
			-
- what I learnt from coding 10 + hours a day
	- avoid jobs that track everyhthing
	- Don’t work in startups that don’t pay you monthly salary.
	  I’ve had a lot of friends that went through the same shit. They’d work their ass off and then the payment would not happen.
	- In my theoretical calculation I was making Rs. 50k per month. But that was not even close. The startup was the shittiest in terms of payment and I couldn’t make a lot of money out of the freelance project as I was too naive and didn’t ask for a lot of money. I believe that even after working 3 jobs I’d barely make Rs. 30k a month.
	- It was unsustainable as my health was on the line. My eyes took a hit and my hands showed carpal tunnel syndrome symptoms.
	- **The only good thing that came out of all of this was my experience level increased exponentially. Now, the amount of confidence I feel while coding is unparallel.**
	-
	- I believe the reason I was able to pull off 3 (developer) jobs at the same time is due to my immense love for programming. If your passion happens to be your job you won’t have any problem with it.
	-
- [[Engineering Daybook]]
-