- [[The gap and the gain]]
- juniors vs senior dev
  collapsed:: true
	- The wise (senior) developers know when to write code, when to validate, check and not create code. Junior developers are skilled at writing code and they want to use these skills as often as possible.
		- Junior developers want to create code straight away, often before they understand why the business needs the code and what it needs to do.
		- Senior developers look for assumptions and validate requirements. It doesn’t matter how well you create code if it’s doing the wrong thing.
	- The wise (senior) developers understand they are the expert in creating software and users are the experts in their business. Creating software is a collaboration between business and technical experts.
		- Junior developers forget and listen to some requirements, stop listening and move to creating a technical solution. The senior developers focus on the business goals and processes so they can understand the purpose of the software. It’s only once you understand the purpose of the business, team and individual role that you can create software to help them.
		- The common mistake happens when junior developers read the requirements enough to understand the happy path and create that. Later, when the unhappy path and exceptions appear, the junior developer has to keep changing the code to fix one bug after another.
	- Junior developers get sucked into doing other people's work, get stuck and
		- Wise developers make sure the people who handle areas of the project, do that work.
	- Junior developers fight reality, senior developers align with it.
	- You cannot stop problems, bugs and issues, but you can prepare for them and make sure they end in disaster. [Technical Disasters Should Not Catch Developers Unprepared](https://itnext.io/technical-disasters-should-not-catch-developers-unprepared-84bf3d09bfbe)
	- >
- [[Blockchain developer Hub]]
-