- [Learning focus from monk](https://medium.com/better-humans/a-monk-taught-me-how-to-focus-17068bafc678?utm_source=pocket_mylist)
  collapsed:: true
	- "Distraction is like a parasite to the mind if you don’t kill your distraction, distraction will kill your dreams."
	- apps -> imp, not imp, not at all imp
	-
- [first 5 hours ; How to do the hard things before noon](https://betterhumans.pub/the-first-5-hours-how-to-do-hard-things-before-noon-37301c003fe7?utm_source=pocket_mylist)
  collapsed:: true
	-
	- Separating your tasks into high and low priority lists and focusing on the highly important and difficult ones first thing in the morning can set you up for a great day.
- 3H 5P meetings
  collapsed:: true
	- [src](https://medium.com/jump-start/stop-scheduling-meetings-without-the-3hs-and-5ps-6ed48eabec0f)
	- Poorly planned and facilitated meetings are one of the biggest annoyances I’ve had to deal with in my career (second only to indecisiveness).
	- Good meetings start with great questions
	  Almost everything in life, meetings included, can be understood easier by asking the right questions.
	- There are two types of questions: A Questions and B Questions. Let’s see some examples and use-cases when each type works best. Imagine a team has a meeting about improving their hiring process.
		- A Question: “The first thing we want to talk about are inputs. What are the inputs to our hiring process?”
		  collapsed:: true
			- The A Question is straightforward and asks exactly what the meeting coordinator wants to know. These sorts of questions are the norm. Most of us ask them daily, on auto-pilot, because we rarely have enough time to think about what to ask and how to ask it.
			- The problem with this type of question is that will often lead to an awkward pause from the meeting participants, while they scratch their heads to answer something, anything. The answers will rarely have any breadth.
		- B Question: “Imagine you are about to develop our team’s hiring. What information would you need to start?”
		  collapsed:: true
			- By contrast, B Questions are much better because they stimulate participants to imagine themselves doing the task:
			-
	- Great questions checklist
	  ✅ Start with an **image-building phrase**: “Imagine that…”, “Think about…”, “Consider that…”, “What if…”
	  ✅ Extend the image to their answer: **give participants an idea of what answers are expected,** to help them visualise their answers
	  ✅ Only then, ask the A Question: **once participants start visualising the answer in their heads, ask them the direct question** that prompts them to respond
	-
	- Before you even book a meeting, ask yourself what you what people to have in their heads (knowledge), hearts (beliefs) and hands (actions, results) that they didn’t have before this meeting.
	-
	-
- [[complete mobile and web design]]
- [[July Week 2 Planning]]
-