- [[Labels are a last resort]]
- https://twitter.com/VeerajMehta3/status/1601309192182063104
- https://twitter.com/bryntaylor99/status/1601173732998799360
- [[My current  projects]]
- tweepsbook frontend job
	- https://wiki.tweepsbook.com/Intro-ac5aeda1336e4141a1b30683433f3c83#bee5a0ae4f7c45a4b67aeb7410e4a5e7
	- https://wiki.tweepsbook.com/Front-end-Engineer-233063a52a0543adba6b5d26b507b1e8
- LATER fill [this](https://airtable.com/shrJNRTuxpPEkh9iJ) by jan 14 for buildspace nights and weekends
- twitter session
	- best shape in 23
	  collapsed:: true
		- get 80% cals from single ingredient dense foods
		- Lift weights 2-4x a week. Use progressive overload to build muscle.
		- Replace snacking with water & drink it before meals. You usually want to snack because you're bored or dehydrated. Water also helps you feel full & increases energy.
		- Eat to 80% fullness. This means checking in to see how full you are as you eat. Leave a bit of room & avoid getting stuffed with every meal.
		- Create a habit to get at least 8 to 10k steps a day. This improves your health, burns calories, speeds recovery, decreases stress & improves your cognitive function.
		- Get your steps in by walking in the morning, after meals & doing walking meetings.
		-
	- 22 lessons sahil bloom
		- Most people don't actually care about you. The Spotlight Effect says that we overestimate the degree to which other people are observing our actions. Just do you.
		- Regret is way more painful than failure.
		- Never let the quest for MORE distract from the beauty of ENOUGH.
		- Learn to enjoy being wrong. Value finding the truth over being right. Retrain your mind to embrace new information that forces a change in viewpoint.
		- There is no life block strong enough to outlast the power of a 30-min walk in nature.
		- Your habits put you in a position where luck is more likely to strike. Always choose the path with the larger luck surface area.
		- Attach your definition of success to things that are within your control.
		- No is a powerful word. Saying no allows you to focus. Take on less, achieve more.
		-