- leo text content
  collapsed:: true
	- landing
	  collapsed:: true
		- 360 degree fire protection for your busines
			- fire extinguisher
			- fire suppression
			- safety suits
			- new safety doors
			- hvac systems
		- intro text
			- Welcome to Leo Enterprise Fire Protection Company.
			  If your business is on ﬁre-risk, you need to check it and search for the best ﬁre protection
			  solutions to ensure the safety of your business.Leo Enterprise Fire Safety Systems feel privileged
			  to introduce ourselves as the leading ﬁre safety solution company providing assistance through
			  our valuable products and services
		- aim
			- To Provide the Best quality sales &
			  Quick On time, Efﬁcient after Sales
			  Services to the Customers
			- To build a strong relationship with the
			  customers through Excellent Service,
			  Fair price & Highest Quality Work
		- mission
	- Our services
	  collapsed:: true
		- extinguishers
		  collapsed:: true
			- A ﬁre extinguisher is an active ﬁre protection device used to extinguish or
			  control small ﬁres, often in emergency situations. These are easy to use
			  highly portable & highly effective in controling the ﬁre.
			- portable
				- Fully portable & trolley mounted ﬁre extinguishers which can be
				  carried at any place without much efforts. Available in all type of
				  extinguishers : ABC Powder, Water, Foam & CO2 Based extinguishers
			- special app
				- These are special application ﬁre extinguisher , specially designed
				  for special type of ﬁres which cant be controlled by normal ﬁre
				  extinguishers. Clean Agent, Wet Chemical & Special Agent Extin-
				  guishers for Specialized applications.
			- watermist vbased
				- These are waterbased ﬁre extinguishers. As the name suggest they
				  spray mist of water to control the ﬁre and often used to control a
				  medium or large scale ﬁres.
			-
		- fire suppression
		  collapsed:: true
			- A ﬁre suppression system is an engineered group of units that are built to
			  extinguish ﬁres through the application of a substance. Most commonly, a
			  ﬁre suppression system has built-in components that detect ﬁres at the
			  beginning stages through heat, smoke, and other warning signals..
			- in panel
				- As the name suggest the in-panel tube based ﬁre suppression
				  system are mostly used in electrical panels to supress ﬁre caused in
				  the electrical panel due to short circuits or various other reasons.We
				  provide a higly sensitive and reliable system to protect all your
				  electrical systems
			- specialized kitchen
				- The Specialized kitchen ﬁre supression system is installed directly
				  inside the extractor hood-directly above cooking areas. When a ﬁre
				  occurs, the system detects the ﬁre and spays pressurized ﬁre
				  suppressor at the source of the ﬁre suppressing the ﬁre. We provide-
				  Watermist & Wet Chemical based Systems
			- domestic kitchen
				- When a ﬁre breaks out from an unattended pan the heat and
				  smoke can quickly take over the kitchen. Rapid and fully automatic
				  ﬁre protection is the best solution. We provideWatermist & Wet
				  Chemical based Systems for kitchen ﬁres.
			-
		- HVAC
		  collapsed:: true
			- An HVAC system is designed to control the
			  environment in which it works. It achieves
			  this by controlling the temperature of a room
			  through heating and cooling. It also controls
			  the humidity level in that environment by
			  controlling the movement and distribution of
			  air inside the room.
			  We help you install the best quality & reliable
			  HVAC system at you site.
		- fire safety suits and systems
		  collapsed:: true
			- alarm
				- A ﬁre alarm system is a collec-
				  tion of systems that work
				  together to warn people
				  through visual and audio
				  devices when smoke, ﬁre, CO
				  gas, or other emergency
				  situations exist. Heat detectors
				  and smoke detectors may have
				  activated these alarms. A ﬁre
				  alarm system saves lives and
				  your assets.
			- hydrant
				- Fire hydrants are an integral
				  part of ﬁreﬁghting equip-
				  ment.They're the key compo-
				  nent that binds the water to
				  the hose that ﬁreﬁghters use
				  to put out ﬁres. When a ﬁre
				  department responds to an
				  emergency, there is often a
				  need for access to ﬁre hydrant
				  systems.
			- fire suits
				- Fire suits are key protec-
				  tive equipments in
				  protecting oneself against
				  any ﬁre hazards. We
				  provide all sorts of ﬁre
				  protection equipments &
				  suits. We provide top
				  quality and realiable ﬁre
				  protection kits against all
				  types of ﬁres.
			-
	- Why choose us ?
		- why fire safety
			- stats card
		- why leo
			- 50+ happy clients
			- years of experience
			- stages of service
		- types of industries served
			- continuous line of text
	- aim and mission in footer
	-
- fitness factory text content
  collapsed:: true
	- Inspirational text loading animation
	- fitness factory experince. Now at your location
	  collapsed:: true
		- view our corporate offerings
		-
- tql text content
	- slogan
		- think quizzes, think quizlabs
		- we are always testing out questions
		- Goa's premier quiz curators
	- our quizzes have a simple formula : curiosity mixed with education
	- press play to load this sample quiz
	-