- [[embedded entrepreneur]]
- [[The developer's code. What real programmers do]]
- Last week review
  collapsed:: true
	- Most focused time : 6am - 9am
	- 9-3pm least focused
	- 6pm - 9pm next best focus
	- daily avg : 2 hours
		- 30 mins post midnight
		- 1 hour from 6-9
		- 2 hours from 9-12
		- 2.6 hours from 12-15
		- 2 hours post 3
		- 3.5 hours between 6 and 9pm
		- 2.2 from 9 to midnight
	- [[Review of deep work week1 : Aug last week]]
	-
- plan of this week
	- pending tasks
		- hashnode article by monday
		- lot of demand for webflow in gigs so sharpen it at earliest
		- leo website completion (break down to atomic tasks and plan)
		- tql sitemap and app related queries (break down app tasks and delegate tomorrow)
		- find some way of finishing ux designer nano degree
		- aadhar and pan correction, account rebalancing
		-
	- monday
		-
- aftternoon reading sessions
  collapsed:: true
	- 3 habits to write 70k words book alongside 9-5
	  collapsed:: true
		- start with something
			- I made this mistake early in my writing career. I would start every day with a blank page. A blank page is intimidating. That first word feels monumental. It put the pressure on.
			- Instead, I had a view of what that day’s work would entail:
			- A chapter outline.
			  A rewrite of part of a chapter.
			  An idea that needed work.
		- Hard on systems easy on mysefl
			- set time block and do it. regardless of the quality
			- ok to be deleted also
		- stopped zooming out
			- Writing a book, a decent-sized book, it’s a humungous task. If you look at it from too far away you’ll never start and even if you do start, you’ll never finish. It’s too intimidating.
			- Instead I:
			- Focused on having a good day.
			  Didn’t think past the week.
			  Concentrated on small wins
			- https://www.amazon.co.uk/Ultra-Self-Awareness-work-chaotic-world-ebook/dp/B097CCRV84/ref=sr_1_5?dchild=1&keywords=self+awareness&qid=1627246814&sr=8-5
			-
	- 9 tricks to create unfair advantage in life
		- be a top level asker
			- But those that go far know that to get a ‘no’ doesn’t cost them anything if they can be OK with the NO.
			- And so they ask thirty people who are ‘out of their league’ and get one yes that ‘unfairly’ propels them.
		- prepurpose greatness
			- The kings of this world know that goals are not places to GET to.
			- They are places to COME from. They act the part the moment they get out of bed. They act like they already have what they want.
			- This will immediately propel you into the 1%.
		- simplify daily
		- prioritise uncomfy convos
		- be aggressively counter cultural
		- choose bigger probs
		- create mystery
		- commit to becoming elite in one thing
		- biased to what's working
			- maximise what works for you
			-
- libraries to look out for [[Becoming a react frontend engineer]]
	- remix.run
	- https://www.radix-ui.com/
	- https://jotai.org/ start learning the conepts immediately may be
- subscribe to ui.dev ?
-