- The main homework for this module is simple: begin your project and start using a productivity system. You may use any system you’d like, but I recommend starting with either fixed-schedule productivity or weekly/daily goals to start. Which works best depends on what kind of schedule you have (I often alternate between them myself!)
- Having accomplished that, here’s some additional exercises you might find useful:
- Conduct a timelog. Keep a piece of paper with you for an entire day and note the times you start or stop any task. This will be inconvenient in the moment, but after it’s done, you can tally up how much time you spend doing everything during a day. Where do you waste time? How much do you actually spend on task? The results can be surprising and insightful in guiding your further productivity changes! (Estimated time: One day conducting log, 2-3 hours for analysis)
  Implement Getting Things Done. A companion system for your productivity system would be a full-scale organizational system like David Allen’s Getting Things Done. This allows you to fully organize your entire work life. It’s more complicated than the systems I’ve suggested, so I only recommend it once you’ve gotten started with a simpler approach. It also ignores the critical when/how much to work questions, so I don’t recommend using it instead of a more constrained working system like fixed-schedule or w/d goals. However, if you’re busy and feel overwhelmed, it’s one of the most popular systems around.
  Keep a Deep Work Tally. Another trick from Cal Newport’s excellent book, Deep Work, is to keep a tally each week of how many hours you’re able to spend in uninterrupted focus on your key work and learning projects. Keeping this tally is especially useful since it can help you see how you’re actually accumulating progress, and help you see if you’re slipping into spending time on shallower work.
- Pick a goal you set recently where you didn’t achieve as much as you had hoped. Now list five things that you could have done differently to have avoided those problems.