- [[ZTM Blockchain Course]]
- Project People vs Area People
  collapsed:: true
	- [r u running a sprint or marathon ?](https://fortelabs.co/blog/project-people-vs-area-people-are-you-running-a-sprint-or-a-marathon/?utm_source=pocket_mylist)
	- start of carreer -> one big blob of work
	- tasks stretched out towards an endless horizon
	- eventually saw a pattern
		- chunks of work that seemsed to start and stio and flow of work that seemed to run continuously
			- dual nature of light
	- chunks became projects and flows became areas of repsonsiblity
	- proj -> start end date, markable as complete, deadline
	- area -> standard to be maintained that is continuous
	- saving 3 months expenses -> proj, improving finances -> area
	- view your life through the lens of discrete projects and continuous areas, it becomes clear that both of these structures are essential. Projects bring you excitement, achievement, and recognition, whereas areas bring you balance, peace, and meaning.
	- proj and areas are interdependent
		- say u r starting a new proj : appling for a new job
		  collapsed:: true
			- outomce -> , timeframe ->
			- . In order for this new project to succeed, you will need to draw on the order and energy you’ve cultivated as part of your areas.
				- you’ll need to conduct interviews on Zoom, which means your home environment better be reasonably tidy. You might need to dip into your savings between jobs, so your finances will need to support that. Looking for a job can be stressful, so the standard you’ve maintained for your health and supportive relationships will be crucial.
			-
			-
		- proj is like rocket takibng off , explosion of energy
			- areas the stable infra that has been built up over time
		- By keeping your areas of responsibility healthy and thriving, you are building up reserves of strength. Those reserves can then be spent in an explosive burst of energy toward a goal that matters to you.
		- Every project requires a “heavy lift” to some degree, but those heavy lifts are far more powerful and effective (and brief) when you’ve already been collecting material in a “slow burn.”
		- It is only when heavy lifts become a chronic, default way of approaching everything that they lead to burnout and exhaustion.
	- Understanding this natural tendency of urs to favor one of the 2 is the first step toward building on our strengths while shoring up our weaknesses.
	- Proj ppl vs area ppl
		- good at sprints. Give them a clear goal and a path to get there, and they will ferociously chase after it with everything they have. They are like elite sprinters, able to exert huge amounts of energy over short distances.
			- nce they’ve reached their goal, they will often have trouble keeping it going. They will often change direction and run after the next goal, leaving their past achievements to wither. Sprinters are prone to starting many things and getting obsessed for a short time, before moving abruptly to something else
		- excel at marathons. Send them on a long journey with some supplies and they will doggedly keep at it for as long as it takes. They are like marathon runners, able to maintain a steady flow of energy and keep pushing forward across long distances.
			- they often have trouble generating a lot of power on short notice. When an opportunity opens up that requires quick, decisive action, they’ll have difficulty changing direction and drawing down their reserves to chase it down. Marathoners will tend to stubbornly maintain their current direction and follow through on existing plans even when the situation has changed and requires a different approach
		- eventually, you’ll want to round out your strengths by addressing your weaknesses. You can choose to consciously cultivate the other end of the spectrum, learning to identify whether a given situation requires a project or an area. Once you know whether you’re working with a project or area, you can adopt the right mindset and take the most helpful approach for the challenge at hand
		-
		- Through my coaching and teaching, I’ve come to believe that even the smallest confusion between these two fundamental categories is a deeply rooted cause of many people’s recurring challenges with creating the life they want.
		- When you launch a new project, you have to set aside many of your usual habits, routines, and boundaries for a time. In order to recruit the necessary energy for liftoff, you have to let go of some of the structures that you normally rely on to stay balanced.
		- When a window of opportunity opens in front of you, all your clever strategies, productivity systems, meditation rituals, self-reflection practices, and mindful habits may well be liabilities.
		- **When you temporarily let go of control in this way, a huge amount of extra energy becomes available to you**
		- you give up the ability to steer where you’re going in exchange for more acceleration and momentum. If you insist on always perfectly maintaining all of your areas at all times, you’ll never gain enough speed to take off from the runway. It’s better to accumulate deficits in those areas temporarily and pay th
		- I can trace most of the major breakthroughs in my career to just a handful of brief productivity explosions: the 2-week period I outlined the first version of my Building a Second Brain course, which became the flagship product for my business; the week I holed up in a hotel in Portugal and wrote nearly the entirety of my series on Just-in-Time Project Management, shaping my thinking for years to come; and a couple 4-day writing retreats during which I made most of the progress on my recently published book.
		-
- [[Accidental genius]]
-