- web3notes.info
  collapsed:: true
	- web3 week
	-
- 7 working days left of month
  collapsed:: true
	- web3
	- medusa for oss
- on off days better to just package and communicate instead of pushing through on focused work
- 15 days to job prep + 4 buffer
- 15 of job apps
- medusa for oss and hackathon
- brain dump
  collapsed:: true
	- ethindia .
		- first step is tackle imp-oster of non prep.
		- u feel that u cd have prepared better but it might have beem time wasted. Now a chance to do it more efficiently
		- prepare deep work schedule now
	- general
		- week  to find out own capacity of deep work and learning
		- apply all the paradigms and techniques learn
		-
- advice i hv recieved is to start small n4 aiming for big comps
  collapsed:: true
	- why not spam big comps until one of them takes a chance on me ?
- 8 step design process [thread](https://twitter.com/mds/status/1584643242121101312)
  collapsed:: true
	- undestand the problem
	  collapsed:: true
		- Know what you're doing before you try to do it. This is research. This is experiencing the pain first hand. This is knowing the goal.
		- **If you still have unanswered questions in your mind about the project, you're likely not ready to start designing.**
	- determine complexity
		- Complicated projects will need more meetings, more presentations, more documentation, etc.
		- Simpler projects might only need a few emails, a slack channel, and one Figma file.
	- Use lists, content maps, and user flows to help guide the project
	- set design direction
		- This is where a lot of design fails. Sure the type is OK, the layout is decent, and your colors work. But is the concept AMAZING? Does it feel magical? Does it POP? 😅
		- I truly believe this where "jazz it up" and "make it pop" comes from. The client sees a design and knows it doesn't feel right, but can't quite put their finger on why.
	- present early and oftne
		- If you can get small pieces of buy-in along the way—concepts, color schemes, ideas, it'll be easier to "sell" your designs as they get closer to final form.
	- explore. iterate exploit
		- As you're experimenting and iterating, you'll come across little hints of magic. Eg. "Something about THIS color with THAT typeface and THAT background feels great."
	- As you become more comfortable with components, auto-layout, naming conventions, etc. you can use them earlier in the process, but if they're causing you problems during the creative experimentation phase...
- learnweb3 plan
	- freshman
	  collapsed:: true
		- build first dapp
			- connection using ethers cdn and abi
		- own nft
		- own cryptocurr
			- consturctor and minting
		-
	- sophomore
		- theory
			- gas
			- mining
			- pow
			- evm details
		- build
			- adv solidity
			-