- way of the superior man summary
  collapsed:: true
	- [1](https://www.nateliason.com/notes/way-superior-man-david-deida?utm_source=pocket_mylist)
		- “The first step is undoing the habits you learned while masturbating as a teenager. Instead of tensing your muscles as you become sexually stimulated, learn to relax them. When you notice your face squinching up, relax it. When you notice your breath getting fast and shallow, slow it down and deepen it. When you notice your belly tight and your chest hard, open your belly and soften the area around your heart.”
		- “The next step is to redirect your attention. Learn to feel your partner more than your own sensations during sex. Rather than curling attention into yourself and feeling the pleasures moving in your own body, feel outward, into, and through your partner. Feel your partner more than you feel yourself. Feel her movement, her moans, and her internal energy.”
		- rest is a coll of quotes
	- [2](https://blog.12min.com/the-way-of-the-superior-man-pdf-summary/?utm_source=pocket_mylist)
		- part 1 a mans way
		  collapsed:: true
			- stop hoping for compleyion
				- “As long as life continues, the creative challenge is to tussle, play, and make love with the present moment while giving your unique gift,” writes Deida. Things never end, so don’t act like they will. Embrace the fight and march ahead.
			- Live with an open heart even if it hurts
			  Boys don’t cry—according to the old macho ideal. According to the Way of the Superior Man, they do when they need to, because it is much better to live with a hurting, than a closed heart. Don’t act: stay and act from inside the wound of pain.
			- • Live as if your father were dead
			  Both literally and metaphorically. A man must love his father, but he must never allow to live in his shadow. That’s why, in strictly Freudian manner, it is essential to kill your father.
			- • Know your real edge and don’t fake it
			  Each man has a capacity for growth, i.e. a limit. Don’t forget this. Because “where a man’s edge is located is less important than whether he is actually living his edge in truth, rather than being lazy or deluded.”
			- • Always hold to your deepest realization
			  Find your why and hold onto it. Do anything necessary to discover your purpose and then organize your life around it.
			- • Your purpose must come before your relationship
			  “Every man knows that his highest purpose in life cannot be reduced to any particular relationship,” writes Deida. “If a man prioritizes his relationship over his highest purpose, he weakens himself, disserves the universe, and cheats his woman of an authentic man who can offer her full, undivided presence.”
			-
			- Lean just beyond your edge
			  Don’t stay in your comfort zone. Freedom is all about pushing your limits. Lean just beyond your edge and do this constantly. In everything you do.
			-
			- • Enjoy your friends’ criticism
			  Women are hurt by criticism: this is, after all, their nature. Men, however, should never be. They should always be open to receiving direct criticism from other men and make use of it. This is the sign of the Superior Man.
			-
			- • Be willing to change everything in your life
			  If your purpose doesn’t align with your form of living, you must be prepared to alter absolutely everything about yourself to make amends and start living the life you were destined to.
			-
			- Don’t use your family as an excuse
			  “A man should, of course, be a full participant in caring for children and the household,” writes Deida in a controversial sentence, “but if he gives up his deepest purpose to do so, ultimately, everyone suffers.”
			- • Don’t get lost in tasks and duties
			  There is nothing more important than your purpose. Everything else is just a bunch of minutiae. Don’t let yourself get lost in these everyday tasks and duties. Focus on what’s important.
			-
			- Stop hoping for your woman to get easier
			  In a way, a woman is created to test her man—in the form of “complaining, challenging him, changing her mind, doubting him, distracting him, or even undermining his purpose in a subtle or not so subtle way.” Appreciate and embrace this. Because, as Deida writes:
				- The most loving women are the women who will test you the most. She wants you to be your fullest, most magnificent self. She won’t settle for anything less. She knows it is true of you. She knows in your deepest heart you are free, you are Shiva. Anything less than that she will torment. And, as you know, she’s quite good at it.
			-
		- 2 dealoing with women
		  collapsed:: true
			-
			- • Women are not liars
			  The word “lying” is a masculine word, in the sense that only men are consistent and can lie or tell the truth. Women, being emotional, say how they feel at the present moment. “A man’s word is his honor,” says Deida. “A woman’s word is her true expression in the moment.”
			- • Praise her
			  Men grow by challenge, while women by praise. So, praise your woman freely and unabashedly.
			- • Tolerating her leads to resenting her
			  In yet another somewhat paradoxical piece of advice, Deida claims that while a man should love a woman and serve her with every ounce of his being, he “shouldn’t tolerate bitchy and complaining moodiness.” Tolerating leads to resenting, and resenting to breaking up or divorcing.
			-
			- • Don’t analyze your woman
			  As we said above, women are not consistent. And because they change constantly, no analysis will ever pin them down. Accept your woman the same way you accept the weather: even the storms are part of a pattern that promises a sunny day just around the corner.
			-
			- Don’t suggest that a woman fix her own emotional problem
			  A big no-no: the feminine is “pure energy in motion” and self-analysis or fixing are negation of this. And if the suggestion for something like that comes from you—that’s even worse!
			-
			- Stay with her intensity—to a point
			  Apparently, when a woman gets emotionally intense, the superior man is capable of penetrating her mood “with imperturbable love and unwavering consciousness.” Try doing that and stop being the mediocre man who wants to discuss things over.
			- Don’t force the feminine to make decisions
			  One of the foundational masculine traits is taking responsibility. And making decisions comes with this. Forcing your woman to make decisions—or even allowing her this—may backfire, because, unlike men, women don’t feel comfortable taking responsibility.
			-
		- 3 working with plarity and energy
			- all of these men are attracted to all things feminine (radiant women, music, nature, beer, etc.) It is simply inevitable. Don’t hide this attraction: allow it flourish.
			-
			- Choose a woman who is your complementary opposite
			  Love is a simple equation according to Deida: “If a man is very masculine by nature, then he will be attracted to a very feminine woman, who will complement his energy. The more neutral or balanced he is, the more balanced he will prefer his woman. And, if a man is more feminine by nature, his energy will be complemented by the strong direction and purposiveness of a more masculine woman.”
			- Know what is important in your woman
			  As can be deduced from the quote above, the more masculine a man is, the better it is not only for him, but for his woman as well. Because the more masculine is, the more he will crave for his woman’s feminine energy, giving her a chance to develop in the right direction.
			-
			- Even old men like younger women, and young men rarely like older women. Why? Because “youth in a woman bespeaks radiant, unobstructed, and refreshing feminine energy.”
			- Each woman has a “temperature” that can heal or irritate you
			  Time for another generalization: there are “hot” and “cool” women. If you need a stereotype, dark-skinned, brunette, red-headed, Korean, and Polynesian women are hot, and blonde, light-skinned, Japanese, and Chinese women are cool. It is irritating to have a hot woman when you need someone to cool you, and vice versa. Understand the temperature of feminine energy and choose wisely.
		- 4 what women really want
			- Choose a woman who chooses you
			  Evolutionary biologists mostly share this opinion: it’s the ladies who choose. Deida phrases this thus: “If a man wants a woman who doesn’t want him, he cannot win.” So, choose a woman who choose you to be her partner.
			- What she wants is not what she says
			  Men and women speak different languages, so don’t try to hard to understand your woman. Instead, think of her outbursts and illogical beliefs as tests, and pass them by magnifying love, consciousness, and success in your woman’s life, in spite of her requests.
			- Her complaint is content-free
			  Don’t believe the literal content of a woman’s complaint. Just like babies’ cries, a woman’s complaints are warning bells and indications of a mood. Act accordingly, and never steer away from your purpose.
			-
			- Her complaint is content-free
			  Don’t believe the literal content of a woman’s complaint. Just like babies’ cries, a woman’s complaints are warning bells and indications of a mood. Act accordingly, and never steer away from your purpose.
			- “Although she would never admit it,” writes Deida, a woman “wants to feel that her man would be willing to sacrifice their relationship for the sake of his highest purpose.” So, don’t treat her as if she is more important than that, once again, in spite of her requests
			-
			- Even if you are perfect for ten years, thirty minutes of idiotism will cause your woman to forget your excellent track record. Men base their opinion of women on their past behavior, but for women this is irrelevant.
			-
			- She wants to relax in the demonstration of your direction
			  Take charge: financially, sexually, emotionally, and spiritually. A woman can relax only if you take the wheel and steer the course independently from her.
		- 5 your dark side
			- You are always searching for freedom
			  “The masculine is always seeking release from constraint into freedom,” writes Deida. “The feminine often doesn’t understand these masculine ways and needs.” Regardless of the latter: try to find your freedom
			- Own your darkest desires
			  It is dark the masculine force; if you disown it, you are kinking its hose and. thus, you weaken your masculine capacity to face the unknown while still being able to love your woman.
			- She wants the “killer” in you
			  Fearlessness is “a quintessential form of the ultimate masculine gift.” A woman is turned off by men who are afraid: she wants someone capable of killing a mouse without blinking, someone ready to face everything that comes along the way, no matter how scary.
			- She needs your consciousness to match her energy
			  “The feminine destructress must be met by the masculine destroyer. The goddess of devotion must be met by the god of all-pervading love.” Equal the energy of your woman with appropriate consciousness: all other ways lead to destruction.
		- 5 feminine attractiveness
			- The feminine is abundant
			  In women, there is never a shortage of feminine energy. There is, however, “resistance to receiving, trusting, and embracing it.” Open your heart and stop resisting: Life itself is the feminine.
			- Allow older women their magic
			  Men shouldn’t compare older women to younger women: they should allow the former to be wise and powerful, intuitive and healing.
			- Turn your lust into gifts
			  Don’t deny your sexual attraction to a woman, but don’t disperse it in mental fantasies as well. Let it circulate through your body and fill your heart.
			-
			- Never allow your desire to become suppressed or depolarized
			  A man must cultivate a polarized relationship to his woman and his world: this is the only way for him to remain in relationship with either. If you deny your desire for the feminine, you depolarize yourself, and that leads to impotence and purposelessness.
			-
			- Use her attractiveness as a slingshot through appearance
			  “A man’s attraction to women must be converted from attraction to women into attraction through women,” writes Deida. “He must feel through her beauty, into the very delight of which her beauty is but a ripple and reminder. His whole relation to appearance is epitomized in his relation to women, either as obsession, distraction, or revelation.”
		- 7 body practices
			- Ejaculation should be converted or consciously chosen
			  If you don’t have control over your ejaculation, then you cannot meet your woman’s needs. You must learn to convert the ejaculation “into non-ejaculatory whole body, brain, and heart orgasms.” Whatever that is.
			- Breathe down the front
			  “The principal bodily key to mastering the world and women is maintaining a full and open front of the body at all times,” suggest Deida. “The best method is through full and relaxed breathing, drawing energy down the front, and freeing attention from neurotic self-concern.”
			- Ejaculate up the spine
			  Through the use of breath, feeling, and intention, you can contract the pelvic floor near the genitals and draw some energy up the spine. The result is a rejuvenating orgasm, which Deida poetically describes as an explosion of energy into the brain, from where it rains down through the body “like an ambrosial bliss.”
		- yoga of intimaxy
			- Take into account the primary asymmetry
			  The only way for a relationship to work between a man and a woman is for them to respect each other’s priorities. The more masculine a man is, the more important his mission is to him; the more feminine a woman is, the more important an intimate relationship is to her. How one can solve this “primary asymmetry” through something more than just “taking it into account,” we don’t know. But one must—for a relationship to work.
			-
			- You are responsible for the growth in intimacy
			  A woman is responsible for her man’s bodily energy (i.e., erections), and a man is responsible for the woman’s openness of mood and depth of love. In other words, the “direction of growth of a relationship is primarily the man’s responsibility”
			- Insist on practice and growth
			  A macho man’s way of dealing with his woman is “My way or the high way.” Mr. Nice Guy’s way is the way of compromise or even self-negation: “OK, your way.” But a Superior Man’s way is the way of inspiring his woman to tread the path that most serves her growth in love and happiness.
			-
			- Restore your purpose in solitude and with other men
			  A woman strengthens her feminine radiance best “in the company of other women in mutual celebration and play.” A man, on the other hand, restores his purpose mainly in solitude, when faced with challenges, or in the company of other men like him. Arrange for all of these forms of restoration.
			- Practice dissolving
			  “Like dissolving in the intensity of an orgasm, a man’s greatest desire is to be utterly released,” writes Deida in his final lesson, once again in a poetic manner. “Die in the giving of your gift, so you don’t even notice you have stopped holding onto yourself. Fear is your final excuse. Don’t fight it. Love through it.”
		- key takeaways
			- ur purpose comes first
				- “Unless you know your mission and have aligned your life to it, your core will feel empty. Your presence in the world will be weakened, as will your presence with your intimate partner.”
				- “Tell your woman that you love her,” he says, “but you cannot deny your heart’s purpose. Tell her that you will spend thirty minutes (or some specific time) with her in absolute attention and total presence, but then you must return to carry on your mission.
			- Embrace Both Your Masculinity and Your Woman’s Femininity
			- own your darkest desires
				- Embrace Both Your Masculinity and Your Woman’s Femininity
				-
- [advice for junior devs](https://dev.to/jeroendedauw/advice-for-junior-developers-30am?utm_source=pocket_mylist)
	- generic
		- code is not the point
			-
			- Put reasonable effort into making sure that you are solving the right problem. To quote Peter Drucker: There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all. Gather feedback early and often, typically by continuous delivery to real users. Be Agile.
			- Software development is expensive, with the vast majority of the effort of real-world projects typically going into maintenance. Combine this with the goal being user/business outcomes, the best code is often no code. To quote Bill Gates: "Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight."
		- software design matters
			- Software development is expensive, with the vast majority of the effort of real-world projects typically going into maintenance. Combine this with the goal being user/business outcomes, the best code is often no code. To quote Bill Gates: "Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight."
			- Software development is expensive, with the vast majority of the effort of real-world projects typically going into maintenance. Combine this with the goal being user/business outcomes, the best code is often no code. To quote Bill Gates: "Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight."
			- Software development is expensive, with the vast majority of the effort of real-world projects typically going into maintenance. Combine this with the goal being user/business outcomes, the best code is often no code. To quote Bill Gates: "Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight."
		- use the best practices
			- Writing tests tends to be beneficial. There are exceptions, but most of the time, it makes a lot of sense to write automated tests. Writing tests is an example of a best practice.
			- If you are new to writing tests, just follow the best practice and write tests for everything. When starting, blindly following the best practice will be better than following your own underdeveloped judgment. Over time you will learn how to write tests effectively, and be able to tell the difference between you have messed up, and situations where writing a test is not worth it. You will also start to understand the value tests bring on a more visceral level, by having experienced the decrease in debugging sessions and the worry-free refactoring enabled by your tests. After developing your judgment, you will be able to transcend the best practice.
			- This advice applies to best practices in any area that you are a junior in. Automated tests are just an example.
			-
			- One big gotcha is that it is not easy to tell the difference between a sensible best practice and something nonsensical or even counterproductive. This is made more complicated by most existing code being a mess, and by most developers, including "experienced" and "senior" ones, not knowing software design basics. This makes having a good mentor extremely valuable. Barring that, one piece of advice based on my own experiences is to be wary of best practices specific to the community of your language or framework. Look for evergreen advice that has been around for decades.
	- technical advice
		- write tests
			- Write automated tests. Perhaps write tests before the code, such as via Test Driven Development (TDD). This makes it easy to verify your code is correct in a repeatable manner, thus saving you from much manual retresting and from debugging sessions.
			- Perhaps even more importantly, tests give you the safety net to refactor your code. And continuous refactoring is needed to keep your code clean. Without a reliable test suite, it is all the more likely that your code will rot
			  id:: 634acf52-57db-48c5-8c7a-d084afe49905
			-
			- Writing tests is difficult if the design of your code is poor, such as when using inheritance for code reuse, or when using static functions. If on the other hand, you have SOLID classes, with no global dependencies, then writing nice tests is not so difficult.
			- Test design matters because poorly written tests will slow you down. Avoid binding your tests to implementation details of the code under test or to the structure of the system. Avoid overusing Mocks and write better Test Doubles
		- do not5 use inhertiance for code reuse
			- favor composition
			- https://reactjs.org/docs/composition-vs-inheritance.html
		- write object oriented code
			- Write SOLID code that is not STUPID. There is so much value in understanding these principles and anti-patterns.
			- Actually create objects. Classes with only static methods are not OO. Try to avoid using static code altogether.
		- write functional code
			- Minimize state, especially mutable state, and do one thing in your functions.
		- use infomred duplicayion
			- Copy-pasting big chunks of code to multiple places is almost always unwise. Any self-respecting developer soon learns this and starts to follow some form of Don't Repeat Yourself (DRY). Unfortunately, the well-intended pursuit of DRY often leads to overengineering and accidental complexity. This is where the counterpart of DRY comes in: Write Everything Twice (WET). The idea behind WET is to only deduplicate on the third occurrence of duplication.
				- https://www.entropywins.wtf/blog/2017/09/06/the-fallacy-of-dry/
		- types names and comments
			- Try to write self-documenting code and avoid comments.
			- Every time you write a comment, you should grimace and feel the failure of your ability of expression. -- Robert C. Martin ???
			- Comments are dangerous because they can lie. The code can change without the comment being updated. New code can be added right under the comment. The comment might have been wrong or inaccurate in the first place. When this happens, the comment not only becomes useless, it becomes misleading.
				- single duty fn
				- minimize state
				- use types. avoid mixed types.
				- books
					- https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5608045-apprenticeship-patterns
					- https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/44936.Refactoring
					- https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23215733-the-software-craftsman
				-
-