- ozan varol reading
  collapsed:: true
	- [take the unsafe path](https://ozanvarol.com/take-the-unsafe-path/?utm_source=pocket_reader)
	  id:: 63785391-b6ed-439c-850c-f4e2cf7e4ea3
		- The *safe* path makes you an enticing offer. *I’ll give you comfort, certainty, and stability*, it says. *In exchange, I’ll take a piece of your soul. *
		- Answer this question: *What do you regret not doing?*
		- Now go do that thing.
	- [trust yourself](https://ozanvarol.com/how-to-really-truly-deeply-trust-yourself/?utm_source=pocket_reader)
		- Little did I know at the time, but that email catalyzed a series of events
		- Think back to your biggest regrets. If you’re anything like me, they’re a list of things you wish you had done—but didn’t do.
	- ask for what u want
		- What do you want?
		- Stare at that question for as long as you need. Deciding what you want can be the hardest thing, particularly if you’ve spent your life—as most of us do—being compelled to go along with the decisions that others have made.
		- Once you’ve decided what you want, order off-menu. Ask for it. Create it.
		- Because the best things in life aren’t on the menu.
	- [how to predict the future](https://ozanvarol.com/how-to-predict-the-future/?utm_source=pocket_reader)
		- mosr predictions are terrible
		- The problem isn’t just with experts. *No one* is great at predicting the future. Much of life can’t be forecasted, diagrammed, or reduced to a PowerPoint deck. When the future doesn’t match our expectations, our projections get thrown out (or worse, they’re still followed).
		- Think about all the time and energy you’ve spent worrying about the future and brooding over predictions—political predictions, stock market predictions, Covid-19 predictions, to name just a few.
		- Worrying about what you can’t control is a giant waste of your imagination.
			- So let go of what you can’t control. Focus only on what you can.
			- And stop trying to predict the future. Create it instead.
		-
- fpl
  collapsed:: true
	- flip mee gabrie; schar for profit if possible
	- also foden
	- bounce city assets now or in 2 gw ?
- [[drafts]]
- https://pf-2022.devfolio.co/projects blockchain projects
-