- [Zelous Burnout](https://alistapart.com/article/thats-not-my-burnout/?utm_source=pocket_reader)
  collapsed:: true
	- When I face burnout I double down, triple down, burning hotter and hotter to try to best the challenge. I don’t fade—I am engulfed in a *zealous burnout*.
	- When I face burnout I double down, triple down, burning hotter and hotter to try to best the challenge. I don’t fade—I am engulfed in a *zealous burnout*.
		- so she’ll find more she should do. She doesn’t sleep as much, move as much, all in the efforts to do more. Caught in this cycle of trying to prove herself to herself, never reaching any goal. Never feeling “enough.”
	- So, yeah, that’s what zealous burnout looks like for me. It doesn’t happen overnight in some grand gesture but instead slowly builds over weeks and months. My burning out process looks like speeding up, not a person losing focus. I speed up and up and up…and then I just stop.
	- . As the non-disabled person in my home, I would take on many of the physical tasks because I was “the one who could” make our lives a little easier. I learned early to associate fears or uncertainty with putting more of myself into it—I am the one who can. I learned early that when something frightens me, I can double down and work harder to make it better. I can own the challenge. When people have seen this in me as an adult, I’ve been told I seem fearless, but make no mistake, I’m not. If I seem fearless, it’s because this behavior was forged from other people’s fears.
	- And here I am, more than 30 years later still feeling the urge to mindlessly push myself forward when faced with overwhelming tasks ahead of me, assuming that I am the one who can and therefore should. I find myself driven to prove that I can make things happen if I work longer hours, take on more responsibility, and do *more*.
	- *Are you making excuses?* Many of us try to disregard feelings of burnout. Over and over I have heard, “It’s just crunch time,” “As soon as I do this one thing, it will all be better,” and “Well I should be able to handle this, so I’ll figure it out.” And it *might *really be crunch time, a single goal, and/or a skill set you need to learn. That happens—life happens. BUT if this doesn’t stop, be honest with yourself. If you’ve worked more 50-hour weeks since January than not, maybe it’s not crunch time—maybe it’s a bad situation that you’re burning out from.
	  id:: 63a00faf-d0d1-4b73-9eae-3ea355918bdb
	- This last one is the most important: **allow yourself permission to NOT do it all. **You never promised to be everything to everyone at all times. We are more powerful than the fears that drive us.
- [[drafts]]
- fireship plan
	- payment: dec 28
	- react supabase full course
	- dart 101 -> rolling
	- git -> only selctive
	- vscode -> only from 11
	- stripe payments -> wait for new sub cycle
	- firestore data modelling -> hackathon towards the end
	- angular -> hackathon
	- flutter firebase -> mid hack
	- nextjs -> hackathon for remianing parts
	-