- Everything In its place -> work clean
  id:: 6285ebee-fc50-4634-9f6b-d01c8a145e1c
	- Chefs deliver their dishes to customers, night after night. To the untrained eye, the kitchen looks chaotic: people dashing here and there, pans slamming onto burners, knives chopping, tickets printing. But somehow, every dish is served, right on time. If the chef can’t deliver, their livelihood is at stake.
	- Compare to an office, where deadlines are constantly pushed, budgets are overrun, and meetings drag on forever. What can office workers learn from chefs?
	- recommended for someone whose work is largely project based
	- The real work of mise-en-place isn’t being clean, but working clean, keeping that system of organization no matter how fast and furious the work is.
	- use grouping
		- put away all not in use
	- immersive tasks -> need my presence
	- process tasks -> don't need my presence but need me to start or maintain them
	- always be unblocking -> what stops me form moving forward ?
	- in times of stress or panic, prioritize clearing your visual field -> clean workstation
	- call and callbacks
	  collapsed:: true
		- dont tell me'heard' tell me what you heard
		- common lang
	- [[Mise-en-palace for knowledge workers : 6 practices for working clean]]
		- [original by Tiago Forte](https://fortelabs.co/blog/mise-en-place-for-knowledge-workers/?utm_source=pocket_mylist)
		- todo list -> for sequence determination
		- first moves -> placeholders
			- every incoming input should trigger an immediate first move
				- save schedule or capture
				- immersive vs processing time
					- we tend to overvalue immersive time aka [[deep work]]
						- but it is actually process time that offers us the most leverage by unlocking the efforts of others on out behalf
						- the ability to leverage their abilities will always outweigh what you can accomplish on your own
						-
		- finishing mindset
			- On the other hand, once the chef finishes a plate, a tremendous amount of value is instantly unlocked. And not just because the customer now has their food. Finishing actions clear the mind – a finished plate does not require ongoing attention or memory.
			  id:: 6285ebee-b1b8-4c98-a0ce-f73ec7923adf
			- n contrast, when unfinished tasks are allowed to accumulate, they clutter the mind and make even the task you’re focused on difficult to complete.
			- The same situation applies to knowledge work. It seems harmless to start and stop tasks as new information becomes available. But there is a hidden cost each time we do so. The unfinished task has to be managed and tracked and updated. It takes up space on your to-do list, on your computer or desk, and most importantly of all, in your subconscious mind.
			- These small frictions, multiplied by every unfinished task and accumulated over time, can eventually add up to an overwhelming burden that grinds your progress to a halt. You can actually reach the point where it takes all your bandwidth just to remember and track all the unfinished tasks, leaving no time left over to complete them. You have to run as hard as you can just to stand still.
			- To adopt a finishing mindset, ask yourself every time you start a project: “How and when will I finish this?” It’s about staying focused on the final deliverable and constantly tracking toward the expectations of the people you will be delivering to. It’s about making a plan not just for starting things, but for ending things. In the same way a pilot has a plan not only for taking off, but for landing. -> #designproject
			- avoid [[orphaned tasks]]
			-
		- small precise movements
			- Once each of these small, precise movements has been mastered and habituated, they can be put back together into a high-speed assembly line of delicious food. The chef eventually learns to work fast, but not because they are trying to work fast for its own sake. The speed comes from the accumulated efficiency in every step in their workflow.
				- how to apply this in cod reading and code writing ?
			- As knowledge workers, we know how important it is to break down our projects into smaller parts in order to make them more feasible. But what is less appreciated is that it’s equally important to break down the repeated, habitual actions we take every day.
		- arrangement of physical space
			- You might not normally think of physical space as “intelligent.” But space can remember things, remind you of things, and track things to completion. Being able to utilize space is powerful because, unlike keeping an idea in your mind, keeping an item on the counter uses no energy. It is “free” intelligence that we as humans are uniquely equipped to take advantage of.
			- A chef will arrange her workspace to reflect the movement of food. Unprocessed ingredients move in from the left side of the cutting board, cutting happens in the center, and processed ingredients move to the right. Knife and towel go back to their designated places after every use.
			- This “zoning out” of ingredients and tools needs to be constant from day to day, so that the chef can internalize where everything is located and how it moves. The workspace becomes like an extension of the chef’s mind, so she can reach for a spoon or knife just as intuitively and naturally as she reaches for a thought in her mind.
			- As knowledge workers, our working environment is changing all the time. This has even been touted as a major benefit of remote work – that we can do it from anywhere, at any time. But there is a hidden downside: we don’t get the opportunity to internalize our workspace and master the space in which we move.
				- create the predictability that a knowledge workstation inherently lacks
					- start up and wind down routine
					- adopting a second brain as your main prod tool
					- creating dedicated workspace for each of your important projects
					- finishing each day with or week with a desktop zero. similar to zero point by chefs
					- these routines create boundaries of
						- time
						- space
						- intetion
					- these boundaries tell you what you should be focusing on and just as importantly ,what you should ignore
					-
		- honesty at work
		- At the heart of mise-en-place is an unrelenting honesty about the limits of time and space.
		- Chefs work at the razor’s edge, balanced precariously between speed and quality. They receive instantaneous feedback the moment they make a mistake. They can’t tell themselves stories such as “The project is on track” or “I’m waiting on someone else” or “I’ll get to that soon.” The work comes in waves, and there is only time to navigate those waves, not explain or analyze what they mean.
		- To succeed in this situation, chefs develop an ability that is also our goal as knowledge workers: to be focused and at the same time aware of the big picture. The chef’s ethos is total utilization: to use every part of the animal, every minute of time, and every layer of their awareness in pursuit of excellence.
		-
- How to spend first 10 minutes of your day
	- If you’re working in the kitchen of Anthony Bourdain, legendary chef of Brasserie Les Halles, best-selling author, and famed television personality, you don’t dare so much as boil hot water without attending to a ritual that’s essential for any self-respecting chef: mise-en-place.
	- The “Meez,” as professionals call it, translates into “everything in its place.” In practice, it involves studying a recipe, thinking through the tools and equipment you will need, and assembling the ingredients in the right proportion before you begin. It is the planning phase of every meal—the moment when chefs evaluate the totality of what they are trying to achieve and create an action plan for the meal ahead.
	- For the experienced chef, mise-en-place represents more than a quaint practice or a time-saving technique. It’s a state of mind.
	- “Mise-en-place is the religion of all good line cooks,” Bourdain wrote in his runaway bestseller Kitchen Confidential. “As a cook, your station, and its condition, its state of readiness, is an extension of your nervous system… The universe is in order when your station is set…”
	- Most of us do not work in kitchens. We do not interact with ingredients that need to be collected, prepped, or measured. And yet the value of applying a similar approach and deliberately taking time out to plan before we begin is arguably greater.
	- A better approach is to begin your day with a brief planning session. An intellectual mise-en-place. Bourdain envisions the perfect execution before starting his dish. Here’s the corollary for the enterprising business professional. Ask yourself this question the moment you sit at your desk: The day is over and I am leaving the office with a tremendous sense of accomplishment. What have I achieved?
	- Then—and this is important—create a plan of attack by breaking down complex tasks into specific actions.
	- Productivity guru David Allen recommends starting each item on your list with a verb, which is useful because it makes your intentions concrete. For example, instead of listing “Monday’s presentation,” identify every action item that creating Monday’s presentation will involve. You may end up with: collect sales figures, draft slides, and incorporate images into deck.
	- Finally, prioritize your list. When possible, start your day with tasks that require the most mental energy. Research indicates that we have less willpower as the day progresses, which is why it’s best to tackle challenging items – particularly those requiring focus and mental agility – early on.
	-