- https://www.radix-ui.com/docs/colors/getting-started/usage later sometime with tailwind
- https://hypercolor.dev
- Programmers always have a bad habit of trying to finish their work quickly. But the situation is often the opposite of what you want. The more you want to do fast, the more likely it is to go wrong, the more you want to do fast, the more likely it is to miss the problem, and ultimately, the program changed over to change the past, press the gourd up the ladybug, and finally spend more time and effort. The desire for speed is not achieved. A good programmer’s habit is to spend more time up front doing more research, experimenting with different solutions, and if time allows, a good habit is that for every 4 hours of programming, you need an hour of rest, followed by another 4 hours of coding. Of course, this varies from person to person, but its purpose is to make you look back from time to time and make you think about three such questions: 1) Is it right to do so? 2) Is it right to do so taking into account all the circumstances? 3) Is there a better way? Think about it, look back from time to time to see how far you have come, from time to time to summarize the past events, will help you a lot.
- book for progs
	- https://amzn.to/3OOX71g
		- Domain-Driven Design is a pattern-based approach to software development for complex applications. The goal of Domain-Driven Design is to create a software architecture that reflects the problem domain, rather than simply following traditional best practices. This allows you to build systems with fewer bugs and more maintainable code, leading to better quality and higher productivity over time.
		- The main idea behind this method is that we should design our applications around their real needs instead of trying to force things into other frameworks or technologies just because they’re available at the moment (such as MVC).
	- https://amzn.to/3cVVkdx
		- Since Brooks’s law asserts that it is impossible to measure useful work in man-months, it serves as the book’s main argument. A man-month is a fictitious unit of work that represents the work completed by one person in one month.
		- Although The Mythical Man Month is a very old book, its fundamental facts still hold true. Although Brooks discusses the need for a secretary, which is evidently no longer necessary, and his idea of a surgical team is flawed, the majority of the book is still valid.
		- A well-known software development principle known as Brooks’ Law was first stated by Fred Brooks in The Mythical Man-Month. According to the law “Adding personnel to a late software project makes it later,” when a person is added to a project team and the project is already late, the project time is longer rather than shorter.
	- https://amzn.to/3cQFn8A
		-
		- All of the original programs have been completely reworked, and correspondingly, new code has been produced. All of the programs’ C or C++ implementations are now accessible online. The emphasis Bentley places on the technical core of programming and his presentation of practical answers to those difficulties remain constant in this new version. ‘ The book is certain to make your own list of favourites, regardless of whether you are unfamiliar with Bentley’s classic or are returning to his work for a new perspective.
	- code complete
- [avoidin burnout](https://medium.com/@ryanholiday/the-secret-to-avoiding-burnout-dcaa786ac005?source=explore---------4-2--------------------710c87b2_73c3_4992_b05c_e96fa86341a6-------15&utm_source=pocket_mylist)
	- Coming up with the idea for a book is a creative pursuit, actually creating the book is effectively a work of manual labor, sitting in a chair, grinding out each consecutive sentence — a process not measured in hours or days, but months and years. It’s a marathon of endurance, cognitive and physical.
	-
	- For me, in the last decade, I have run not just a couple of these marathons, but 12 of them, back to back to back. That’s roughly 2.5 million words across titles I’ve published, articles I’ve written, and the daily emails that I produced in the same period.
	-
	- The problem with that is that if you want to last, you have to be able to rest. I remember I had Olympic mountain biker Kate Courtney on the podcast while I was working on Discipline is Destiny and she told me a piece of advice she had gotten from her coach when she was pushing herself too hard in practice. “Do you want to be fast now,” they asked, “or later?” **Meaning, do you want to win this workout or win the race?**
	-
	- Sometimes that’s from our laziness or our weakness. Just as often, it’s from our addictions, from our excesses, from our impulse to be too hard on others and ourselves. It makes us not just great at what we do, but best, in that fuller sense of the word. Aristotle, who wrote so much on virtue, reminded us that the point of virtue wasn’t power or fame or money or success. It was human flourishing.
	- As I struggled to write Discipline is Destiny, I tried my best to improve in another area of my life — how my work and self-discipline manifested itself at home. Several years ago, after I sold a project, my editor called my wife, in part to congratulate us but also to apologize. She knew what this meant for my wife — what it would do to me, who I became in the dark depths of a book.
	-
-