- insight
  collapsed:: true
	- AS SOON AS get job, start deep dive into ai
	- what to expect from 2 hr writer (9k)
		- *If the work doesn’t require creativity, delegate it, automate it, or leave it."* — Naval
		- for
			- You have multiple interests but don’t how to attract people to your work (for work to be valuable, it needs people that deem it valuable.)
			- You are already writing online but don't have a systemized way of creating content that stands out (without templates or copying others).
			- You are earning with your time instead of your mind and want to build a foundation to reverse that.
			- **You have followed the common advice of “learn a skill, sell the skill” with little success (because you don’t have attention, authority, or an audience).**
			- Most of my writing is done in 2 hour blocks Monday - Thursday.
			- wting tips plus
			- 2 hour content ecosystem
			-
- learning
	- [why u struggle to make money](https://thedankoe.com/why-you-struggle-to-make-money-and-7-lessons-to-change-that/?utm_source=pocket_saves)
	  collapsed:: true
		- Solving your money problems opens up room for relaxation, creativity, and solving the deeper, internal problems that lead to true happiness.
		- build. and sell
		- open ur mind
		- Creativity is about connection, productivity is about clarity. cal block both
		- lev time. and then ur mind
			- My goal is to have products and digital real estate in place to the point where I can spend ALL of my time writing. No-code tools, automations, and social media handles the rest.
			- Unless you have ample cash flow to invest in audience growth or traffic acquisition (people) you’re going to have to spend time building that cash flow with a service business.
			-
	- [fill empty use framework](https://thedankoe.com/the-3-part-daily-routine-for-maximum-productivity/?utm_source=pocket_saves)
		- fill mind
			- Deep work hacks that only mention the time — usually morning — in which it’s time to be productive will always fail. Productivity and creativity are not one time things, they are modes of being.
			- It is not a matter of deep work. It is a matter of the balance and degree of which you engage in deep play, deep rest, and *lastly* deep work.
			- For value creators, those that intend to put good out into the world, you must adopt the habit of conscious study. Without expanding your worldview, mind, and knowledge through exposing yourself to novel perspectives; how do you plan to create? Creativity, in some aspects, is about pulling from multiple sources and mashing them together. Like deconstructing a topic, learning about its parts through study, and building your own creation like you would playing with legos as a kid.
				-
				- When aligned with your vision, values, and goals you can consume information with the intention to understand and apply. This can begin to act as a vessel for raising your consciousness. You start to gain clarity on your life’s work through exposure to the information that aligns with you the most. If you don’t know where to start, re-read the book that changed the way you think, it will do it again.
				- listen on walk
		- empty
			- From personal experience, the greatest insights come after a period of struggle. My attention engaged with the natural battle raging in my head to the point of seeing its pointlessness. When you are hyper-focused on a problem in your life, the best way to solve it is counterintuitive. Letting go — surrendering, that is — and engaging with life itself will bring the answer to mind. Have faith 😉
			- By immersing yourself in the present moment. [Flowing with the river of life and the highs and lows that it presents.](https://thedankoe.com/why-you-wont-change-how-to-reinvent-yourself/)
				- gym
				- bath
				- meditate
				- freewriting
		- use mind
			- There are 3 main things that come into play when getting into deep, focused work:
				- leveraged familkiarity
					- Leveraged familiarity is a soft morning routine. The human brain loves to conserve the energy wasted on familiar things. Hence why habit formation is so popular, like putting certain and preferably beneficial aspects of your life on autopilot. As with most things, there is depth to the term habits. There are mental, emotional, physical, and financial habits that could each be broken down even further to take a peek into how robotic we truly are in our unconscious lives.
					- Leveraged familiarity is just that. Being conscious that your morning routine is familiar and remaining connected to The Unknown or infinity throughout by being conscious of your direct experience. For my Tolle fans, and in simple terms, this means being in the Now — as you can only “know” what you can project on reality from the familiar past or potential future.
				- Ordered consciousness comes into play with your routine. Having a familiar wake-up time, work environment, and little friction when it comes time to work is key for preserving creative energy. If you have not already planned your morning out with your nightly brain dump, you can set an ideal yet challenging outcome for your work and 2-3 priority tasks that will move the needle towards that outcome. When this micro hierarchy of goals is aligned with the macro — your life’s vision and goals — the flow state should come seamlessly.
				- conn to unknown
			- my daIY ROUTINE
				- Like Charles Darwin, I like to split my focused work blocks with long walks. I start my mornings with a long 45-minute walk without my phone. I focus on my breath, body, and other sensations that I bring my attention to. My intention with this is to ground myself in ‘not knowing’ before it’s time to work. Sometimes, I’ll read a bit from Kindle on my phone if I spot a welcoming bench on my walk.
				- After that walk, I head to my local coffee shop about 10 minutes up the road. I’ll ask for my typical hot Americano, snap a pic for my Instagram stories, then block out anything and everything that could distract me from my writing. I throw my AirPods in (despite the dreaded EMF frequencies!), put on music that will help me channel a specific energy into my writing, and allow my writing to dance between the known and Unknown.
				- After 2-3 forty-five-minute work blocks — with a bathroom break in between — I’ll walk back home to eat. I like “fasting” for a minimal time while working. I’ve always been more clear-headed on an empty stomach. After eating, I’ll either go to the gym or head out on another long walk. This time I listen to an audiobook or lecture to expand my mind. I double this as consciousness work by paying close attention to the words permeating my ears and allowing my curiosity to open up new mental pathways through questioning.
				- When noon hits, my day is mostly won. If I have to catch up on some writing (like I am right now at 5pm to finish this before the morning) then I will. Otherwise, I am reading, socializing, running errands, or entertaining myself in other mediums — I do enjoy some good old Netflix.
				- Come bedtime, I’ll pull out my notebook and write down everything that comes to my mind. Morning priorities? Check. Self-reflection? Check. Alignment with goals? Check. Immense mental clarity? Check. With so much purpose and depth behind something as simple as a journaling practice, I look forward to these parts of my days. These are often the times where I learn the most about myself, and therefore, learn the most about the world.
				- All in all my routine may seem similar to others. The difference is depth of consciousness that has been cultivated over time. If you ask anyone else why they walk so much, they may not be able to give you an arsenal of 10+ different “whys” as to why they are walking that much. Every aspect of this lifestyle was designed with intention. I hope that you can pull inspiration from my experience, experiment with it, and become directly conscious of modalities of being that will increase your quality of life.
				-
- tasks
  collapsed:: true
	- connect [bharvi](https://twitter.com/bharvisampat) for content creation job
	- apply by eod
	-