- 2 hr writer
  collapsed:: true
	- Become A Sense Maker
	- Your job is to make sense of life to the people that understand you.
	- The way you make sense of life is by developing yourself and your skills in your Domain Of Mastery.
	- Your job is to provide clarity to those that align with your values, vision, goals, beliefs, and other components of your identity (this is what forms your perspective on things)
	- *Your content is a giant story that you are piecing together.*
	  id:: 63903e17-f88d-4afd-8248-b9b753d5036c
	- **If you are looking for job opportunities OR have a service targeted at a more specific business or avatar:**
		- build niche aud slowly
			- **If you are looking for job opportunities OR have a service targeted at a more specific business or avatar:**
		- **2) Build a leverageable audience fast.**
			- stages
				- Educational content for the lower levels of awareness (the beginner market)
				- Establishing authority by talking about your results, skills, and how that expertise applies to what you do
				- Growing by doing what works on any given platform — writing more broad, high impact content relating to your life experiences (and what we discussed above).
			- This is another reason why Twitter should be the center of all of your content. It is the perfect testing ground, it is raw, and you can post as many times as you’d like without much repercussion (unlike any other platform).
			- I've started writing my threads as LinkedIn posts first, why?
			- LinkedIn has a character limit. It forces me to ONLY include the relevant ideas from my newsletter. This makes me a better writer.
			- It also seems to be the perfect amount of text that can be put inside an Instagram carousel. Meaning with the right template, you can copy and paste it to yet another platform.
			-
- 13th -> post weekend hackathon
  collapsed:: true
	- complete -> leo + ff
		- leo
			- content map done
			- only the site
		- ff
			- content map
	- roadmap -> tql
		- content map
	- writing project -> 13th -> 18th + learning
		- cost of afternoon cafe till then ?
		-
- https://twitter.com/SuhailKakar/status/1531523378531577856
- https://twitter.com/SystemSunday/status/1600843778549776386
- webflow resources https://twitter.com/keif_xyz/status/1600603474454253568
- https://concordium.com/ ux case study and redesign
-