- career advice reading
  collapsed:: true
	- [career advice from trenches](http://nytimes.com/2022/06/05/opinion/advice-journalism-career.html?utm_source=pocket_mylist)
	  collapsed:: true
		- Try to be the best at what you do. The money will take care of itself.
		- I business persistence pays off
		- no one can outwork you unless you let it happen
		- find your workplace tribe
		- everyone you work for or with is a reference
		- no one cares about your disadv, overcome them
		- managers must be managed
		-
	- [one choice by buffett](https://www.inc.com/marcel-schwantes/warren-buffett-says-1-simple-choice-will-lead-to-a-more-successful-career.html?utm_source=pocket_mylist)
		- You don't have to be an expert on everything, but knowing where the perimeter of that circle of what you know and what you don't know, and staying inside of it, is all important.
		- stick with thigns ur  good at
		- 4 things sep doers from thinkers
			- pick friends wisely
			- go to bed a little smarter each dqay
			- improve ur comm skills
			- say no
	- being prod without busy
	  collapsed:: true
		- invest time in clarity
		- be willing to let go of oppos
		- focus on just a few things
		- beware of ditractions
		- set limits
		-
	-
- [[rust the complete dev guide]]
- [[complete mobile and web design]]
- 5 non obv reasons to quit freelance
	- no long term plan => lack of clarity
		- What motivates me on a daily basis is the desire to fulfill a compelling vision. The decision to go back to work has relit that enthusiasm. This means I’m back to waking up at 5.30 am to go to the gym and my average screen time has been significantly reduced.
	- no distinction between work and life
	- learning plateau
		- rep project work
		- most work can be pulled from archives
	- lack of human interaction
	- credibility boost
		- As a freelancer, you’re expected to deliver. Clients aren’t trying to invest in your development as you’d be accustomed to in a full-time job, thus, they are much less likely to gamble on your credentials. If they decide to go ahead with you as a freelancer, it’s because they believe you have what it takes to solve their problem independently.
		-