- Dan Koe [value creation](https://thedankoe.com/value-creation-the-skill-that-built-my-one-person-business/?utm_source=pocket_saves)
  collapsed:: true
	- failed at digital art phtooshop biz . lessons
		- Continue growing and realize my audience is a traffic source
		- Create a product or service to send that traffic to (courses and coaching in this case)
		- Learn copywriting, marketing, and offer creation to position my product in the market
		- Partner with personal development creators to visualize their best ideas and become an authority in the space
	- value creation framework
	  collapsed:: true
		- The purpose > path > priority framework is great, but let’s make it practical.
		- f you don’t have an offer, learn [how to create one here](https://thedankoe.com/the-best-online-business-model-to-make-1-million-in-2023/), or how to package up the [knowledge in your head](https://thedankoe.com/you-have-100000-of-knowledge-trapped-in-your-brain/) here.
		- levels of awarness
		- positioning
		- There are 8 human desires that are impossible to ignore.All of your content, sales pages, or writing should be written from the lens of these desires:
		  collapsed:: true
			- Survival
			- Life Enjoyment
			- Freedom From Fear
			- Sexual Companionship
			- Comfort & Clarity
			- Perceived Status
			- Safety Of Community
			- Social Acceptance
		- Notice how every single person’s “niche” is self-actualization.
		-
	- From the “unaware” stage and “perceived status” angle, I can identify a big problem like:
		- Not being able to get a 6 figure job.
			- I can then agitate that problem and illustrate how not having a 6 figure job is impacting their dating, ability to pay the bills, and how the world naturally lacks a level of respect for them.
			- Depth comes after you solve shallow problems in your life (and others).
			- Nobody cares about mindfulness or existentialism if the problem that occupies the entirety of their mind is paying the bills or having sex.
	- unique mechanism]
		- ou need a solution that stands out from everyone elses.
			- Again, this is why I recommend “figuring it out” for yourself, because you create a unique solution through experimentation.
			- Like how Greg O Gallagher combined intermittent fasting and reverse pyramid training into a fitness program that fits his specific lifestyle.
			- My [2-Hour Content Ecosystem](https://2hourwriter.com/) is an example.
			-
- Dan koe 10k product in head
	- I sold a freelancing product because I had made 6 figures with freelancing. I knew how to do it well and had processes in place for landing clients, delivering the service, and making it sustainable.
	- I built a membership community based on what I do on a daily basis. Like having a reminder and accountability for completing your daily ‘priority tasks’ during focused work.
	- Others sell minimalist training programs that go completely against the accepted ‘good’ advice for lifting weights. If someone only has 2 hours a week to train, because they work long hours, but they still made progress… that is unique, and your marketing is already laid out for you. They sell a system to those with limited time because they’ve experimented to the point of getting results
	- **In summary, everyone that has productized themselves has done 3 things:**
		- They improved their quality of life through personal and professional development
		- They learned necessary skills and interests along the way to increase their quality of life
		- They started posting online regardless of ‘how basic’ they thought their information was
	- Here are 3 questions you can contemplate this week to brainstorm a profitable product idea:
		- highlighgt of the day ?
			- What is the thing you enjoy doing, to the point of it being effortless, that benefits your life so much to the point of you wanting to teach others?
		- whqat u do better than peers ?
			- Like how Chris Bumstead, a champion and competitor in Mr. Olympia, said how he had to give up a “normal” life to achieve greatness. He would skip partying and eating out to recover and cook healthy meals. His friends didn’t get it, but he sure as hell knew that it led toward something they couldn’t fathom.
		- who u follow and what they sell
		- If you haven’t started, you need to be decisive.
		- **build a product in public in 7 steps**
			- become above avg in select set of skills
			- build something with those skills every day
			- document ur learnings
			- experminent widely and synthesize
			- Iterate your process and create SOPs
				- Like an SOP I had for creating client websites as a web designer that turned into a web design course (of course, I had to add a bit more detail to the curriculum, but that’s the easy part).
				- Another example of this would be my [Power Planner](https://learn.thedankoe.com/planner).
				-