- Stop trying (draft)
	- burning bridges
	- redundancies
- The neuron case study
  collapsed:: true
	- *The Neuron*, a daily newsletter about the AI space, has amassed a list of 10,000 subscribers in its first month using an unusual strategy: targeting readers by understanding their psychology instead of their demographic data.
	- creating a brand
	  collapsed:: true
		- The newsletter is actually an evolution. I’d been writing online for the previous year or so
		- “It’s different when you’re putting your name and face on your profile, and a lot of the value accrues to your name,” he explains. “Here, I wanted to test whether I could build a separate brand and have people know that name over time.
		- Pete cites [*Milk Road*](https://link.mail.beehiiv.com/ss/c/qOHQrs4DlVVfu45F2nueteFC7HkdwwSJhR43MZz0o9y7O6eOa3tqr5nAt6uDtqkHnH6Ar21b18idpT_0JcLRO3nSP7iVEXDt4U2dbe4U6x8/3u6/9F7CMZwmQDq9rAxWnUN9dQ/h7/bk30S2i5PD-OoEULou0MtNppYPPSylFXulxpSP4RIFs) as one inspiration. “The *Milk Road *journey was such a tentpole version of that. It was a lightning rod for many people to gravitate toward that idea.”
		- “For me personally, I thought it would be cool not only to nail down the content but to learn how to build a brand and develop loyalty around that. It’s something you can’t really do if you’re just relying on social platforms. So that’s why I started to look into the idea of starting a separate newsletter.”
		- That light-hearted feeling extends into the theme and logo of *The Neuron*. “Our design is cat themed — the idea is that if AI takes over the world, at least we still have our pets, right? So that’s been fun so far, having more latitude to play with this creative idea that you may not be afforded if you were just sticking with your personal name.”
		- Why a cat theme? Pete mentions *Milk Road* as an inspiration again. “One of the things they did was to pick a seemingly random concept, this milk concept, and then just go with it. Firmly commit and see what happens. [It shows] you can create a brand around pretty much anything.”
		- Pete says he saw a lot of other AI newsletters using robot themes and thought, “What’s the exact opposite of that? What is the simplest thing that will have nothing to do with AI, but that is fun and still human at the end of the day?”
		-
	- psychology vs demographics
		- | He sees the underlying consumer psychology as being composed of two questions. “One is that people have been blown away by ChatGPT and they just wonder, ‘how can I learn about all the cool stuff that’s happening?” |
		  | “But there’s another thought that’s not talked about actively, but is in the back of everyone’s brain: Where is this headed? Where is society going in the next five or ten years? And when do I lose my job?” |
		-
- hackathons
  collapsed:: true
	- https://i2c2-hackathon.devfolio.co/ if team march 10 - apr 12
	- https://bobdao.in/ buidl for the future
	- https://nmithacks.devfolio.co/overview nittem meenakshi reg by 15 march
		- can also try solo
		-
- freelancing reADING
  collapsed:: true
	- MYTH THAT destroys careers
	  collapsed:: true
		- A myth most freelancers believe is that they must constantly hunt for new clients to keep up a steady income stream.
		  collapsed:: true
			- You don’t have the energy to focus on bringing more value to your current client.
			- An inconsistent workload means some months may be hectic while others are slow. The monetary fluctuations may disrupt your routine and lead to anxiety.
			- If you have difficulty finding new work or if you’re relying on freelance work as your sole income source, the uncertainty can be stressful.
			- You need to compete on price with a potential new client instead of the value your association brings. This negatively impacts your revenue.
		- Sticking with a long-term client can benefit more than constantly seeking new opportunities.
		  collapsed:: true
			- You get more insights into their business and can help them grow faster. More money from the client means more money for you — always a win-win.
			- A certain level of trust is established between the two parties. You can communicate your ideas clearly without fearing they might be misinterpreted or taken advantage of.
			- You can add aspects to your services and charge more for providing better value.
			- You have stability in the form of a guaranteed paycheck every month.
		- how to convert to retainers
			- deliver more val than u promised
			- own your rel with the client
			- keep following up
			- show up to every meeting
			- take feedback seriously
			- send invoices on time
			-
	- AVOID THIS USUAL PATTENR TO MAKE MONEY
	  collapsed:: true
		- hard road for beginners
		- create content and use it for ur marketing
- Writing
  collapsed:: true
	- 4 ways to stop sabotaging writing
		- dont get miseld by eanrings
		- show up with gratitude
		- detach from the output
			- If you’re a new writer like me, firstly, don’t take so long to start. Secondly, let’s promise to feel good about the writing process — the joys and struggles.
		- reverse engineer the future
			-
- life is expt. u need capital to run bigger ones
- dan koe deep dive
	- [life is hard](https://thedankoe.com/life-is-hard-get-used-to-it-the-way-to-mental-mastery/?utm_source=pocket_saves)
	  collapsed:: true
		- When people are faced with discomfort, their automatic reaction is to flee, not fight.]
		- The reality of the situation is the same, but the expectation is different, and that causes pain in the former situation.
			- When people think about going out in hot weather, they complain, because their expectation narrows their mind on a negative outcome.
			- When people think about going to the sauna, it is intentional. Usually in alignment with a meaningful outcome.
			- In a more practical situation, let’s look at someone with a lot of responsibility that wants to start a business.
				- They see others with little responsibility flexing their business success within 6-12 months.
				- They hold that expectation in your mind without context for their situation.
				- They conceptualize why they can’t do the same and how life is unfair (because they have a job, kids, and a spouse).
			- the sooner you accept reality for what it is, the sooner you’ll be able to start making progress.
			-
	- how to copy ur way to success
		- ur a copy cat by design
		- This is yet another reason I recommend writing out and refining your vision. Having a hierarchy of goals that *you* create in alignment with a life that *you* want to live is important. A clear vision brings clarity to your daily actions. It brings order to your mind. It removes all stress and anxiety from your life — *if* that hierarchy of goals is intrinsically motivating
			- You won’t get this right at first. It is a lifelong process of experimenting, testing, and iterating. Write it down. Even if you *think* it will not work the first time around.
		- Pursuing your curiosities is how you imitate intelligently
			- The first step towards curiosity is “listening” — or feeling — the dopamine levels in your head.
			- This is near impossible when you are distracted. Drowning in dopamine from cheap stimuli.
		- ur a perspective vehicle
			- . Reality is perspective. *Think of perspective as a camera and perception as the lens*
			- Attention is the new currency. Novelty is what grabs attention.
			- Novel, positive perspectives are what make people remember you. Helping people make sense — connect the dots in their head — will mark your words in their brain.
			- Novel perspectives make people hire you over the next person. They are the foundation of authenticity
			- **If you master the art of perspective, you master the game of mind.**
			- the world is shifting back towards trust, simplicity, and individuality
				- **You build *trust* by being authentic. You express *simplicity* by distilling the information in a way that makes sense. You practice *individuality* by taking full responsibility for the outcome of your life.**
				- **You do all of the above by pursuing your curiosity, distilling what you learn, and posting about online through your unique perspective. (This is what I am doing right now).**
			- the immitation process
				- 1. choose 3-5 mentors
				  2. don't consume, research
				  3. get in  touch with yourself and write it down -> note only what hits heart
				  4. disscet and distill
					- This is the key to developing a unique perspective
					- If you don’t do this, all you will have is a shallow understanding of the topic (most people on social media do this)
					- *Here is what you will do based on what you wrote in your notes:*
						- The topic it relates to
						- A brief summary of how *you* understand it.
						- The common problems associated with that topic.
						- The common benefits to overcoming those problems.
						- Objections or limiting beliefs people have to solving those problems.
						- Personal experiences and stories you have with that topic
						- A step-by-step process for overcoming that problem
					-