- teach kids to program but dont make them programmers
  collapsed:: true
	- https://medium.com/@markaherschberg/teach-your-kids-to-program-but-dont-teach-them-to-be-programmers-420bbfdf5188
	- If you graduated high school in the US in the middle of the twentieth century you may have hoped to get a manufacturing job, say at an automotive plant. The good wages and union jobs were seen as a guarantee of a middle-class lifestyle
	- The safe and reliable middle-class automotive jobs have evaporated. While conservative politicians have blamed NAFTA and overseas competition, economic analysis notes that [88% of manufacturing job losses came from productivity improvements](http://projects.cberdata.org/reports/MfgReality.pdf). The only way we could have kept those jobs was to tell companies not to use better technologies or processes. In other words, the job losses were inevitable, even if hard to fathom from the vantage point of 1979.
	- understanding how it works will be as relevant as it is for every adult to understand the basics of human anatomy (e.g., What is blood? What do your lungs do? Why does sleep matter?). We teach anatomy to all children even though most won’t be doctors; the same should be true for software.
	- Yogi Berra once said, “It’s tough to make predictions, especially about the future.” In terms of a career, we’re likely to see continued demand for software engineers (and here I’m using the term generally to include QA, devops, data scientists, and related jobs) for some time to come. Likely for the next decade or two. But inevitably, two things will slow down the demand for tech labor.
	- The first is saturation. Video games will continue to get better and new ones will always be needed. Medical technology will continue to improve for many decades to come. The software to renew a business permit online won’t. Once it’s near fully automated that’s it. There will be some maintenance cost for the software, but unlike video games (what year NFL Madden are we up to these days?), some things get automated to a certain point and then are done. Games and medicine may get more complex over time, automating paperwork won’t.
	- he second, as noted above, is automation. But automation is cumulative. The libraries and core tools built by one person can be provided to everyone else, whether as free open-source software or commercial, to improve their efficiency. Tens of thousands of us wrote logging code in the 1990s. Now a few hundred people do while hundreds of thousands of other developers benefit from logging code far better than anything we had back then.
	- Getting into software development today isn’t a bad idea. But it’s not unlike becoming an autoworker in the 1960s. The future was bright, but storm clouds gathered two decades later. Unionized auto workers were reluctant to retrain and, to be fair, the newer jobs may have required them to be uprooted and move to a new city or state. Knowledge workers typically have more location flexibility, especially with more virtual jobs.
	- The key is that the value add isn’t just knowing where to place a semicolon or how to connect a database, but to know how to generate value for the company. Today that value is created through writing code. Tomorrow that same value can be manufactured by the same people, software developers, but using less software and more through other means.
	- The time to start planning for that sharp turn is today.
- conbase base
  collapsed:: true
	- This sets precedent that other crypto companies will follow, then Fintechs, then banks. Eventually the world will use Ethereum as a settlement and property rights system.
	- This icents Coinbase to build public goods infrastructure like EIP4844, which will speed our progress.
	-
- https://www.plasmo.com/
- https://automobili-pininfarina.com/ autocar india indian speed record
-