- [[drafts]]
- threads
  collapsed:: true
	- 7 takeaways mastewrmind
		- To start, I noticed 3 *immediate* differences between those making over $10 million per year and those making less:
			- 1. Ruthlessly prioritizing
			  3. Thinking positive sum
			  4. Obsessing over operational excellence
				- collapsed:: true
				  1.  Everyone making $10 million per year was *ruthlessly* focused
					- Most people there were solving problems they didn't yet have.
					- They work on minor problems and close small loops because it *feels* productive, but doesn't move the needle.
					- Here's what the big players do instead:
					  collapsed:: true
						- The big players attended the event for one reason:
						- To identify & solve their current bottleneck.
						- Everything else was irrelevant.
						- And the second they saw the path forward, they stopped attending the other presentations & simply got to work.
						- Easy to see why they're successful.
					- Everyone making $10m per year *obsessed* over operational excellence
					  collapsed:: true
						- I overheard two types of conversations.
						- The first was about:
						- • Marketing tactics
						  • Lifestyle gossip
						  • Quick hacks
							- The big players had conversations around:
							- • Retaining talent
							  • Mission & values
							  • Managing teams
							  • Running better meetings
							  • Having hard conversations
					- Everyone making $10m per year acted & thought positive-sum
					  collapsed:: true
						- Sharing what was working
						  • Rooting for everyone's success
						- And done over multiple years, this positively compounded their reputation.
						- On top of that, everyone *else* shares what's working back to *them*
						- And on and on their flywheel spins.
						- 3
						- 5
						- 198
						- [
						- 38.9K
						- ](https://twitter.com/dickiebush/status/1653386859475599362/analytics)
					-
			- Twitter is waves ahead of other platforms
				- Literally *no one* there knew how to use ChatGPT.
				- A few presentations had 1-sentence prompts that generated middle school output (and everyone lost their mind).
				- And that's the upside of Twitter:
				- • The information here is on the cutting edge
				  • No one else is tapping into it
			- Everyone there wants an organic content business
				- Unfortunately, no one wants to write organic content every single week for 3 years.
				- It takes longer, but it's more lucrative in the long run.
				- But they don't have the time, because they're stuck on the paid ad hamster wheel.
				- This is why, again, if you're reading this and actively writing on Twitter, you are miles ahead.
				- It might be easier to spin up an ad and make a quick buck.
				- But then you're optimizing ads every day that negatively compound your reputation.
				- Play the long game (it'll pay off).
			- And lastly, two powerful personal realizations on the power of masterminds:
				- Once you reach $1 million per year, the highest leverage time is spent *out* of your normal environment thinking *on* the business
				  collapsed:: true
					- It's hard to zoom out and see the big picture when your face is stuffed into a computer screen.
					- And I realized this after boarding the flight:
						- I had more ideas in the first 24 hours than I had in the prior 6 weeks.
						- Suddenly I saw:
						- • What to prioritize
						  • What we should stop doing
						  • New opportunities to pursue later
						-
				- The most valuable investment you can make is figuring out ways to "normalize" the people ahead of you
					- Almost everyone else at this mastermind generated more revenue than my business.
					- And I went in looking for the "secrets" to take us to the next level.
					- But turns out:
						- They were just regular people.
						- They weren't smarter, more creative, or harder working.
						- They had simply been:
						- • Executing better
						  • Playing the game longer
						  • Stringing together good decisions
						  • Learning from those ahead of them
					-
- every work sprint must have an outcome
- freelance ignite 24k investment ?
	- sat aftnoon
	- 4 week -> ends on  bday
	-