- Morning brain dump
  collapsed:: true
	- need a fully second brain based workflow
	- team to-do app needs knowledge mgmt facility
		- high level chef instrns
	- good sleep -> refreshed. But still keep review till 1am
	- slowdown is the new theme. accelerator clutch analogy
	- focus on the basics
	- focus on the few
	- 'toh kar na!' theme
	- check out solopreneur sprints
	- apply to [n&w](https://airtable.com/shrJNRTuxpPEkh9iJ) s3 this week post building
		- probably use to debut yt
		-
- oneplus vs apple ux case study
- diamond model for life
- focus formula [[The Focus Formula]]
  collapsed:: true
	- #### The Focus Formula (How To Take Control Of Your Life)
	- ###### Metadata
	- Author: Dan Koe
	- Category: article
	- URL: https://thedankoe.com/the-focus-formula-how-to-take-control-of-your-life/
	- ######## Highlights
	  
	  I recommend reading Ken’s work to get the full picture, but I want to introduce you to what he calls a “holon.”
	  
	  A holon is the unit of everything.
	  
	  A holon is both a part and a whole.
	  
	  Like how an atom is a whole in itself, but also a part of a molecule, and so on up until you reach the whole of the cosmos
	  
	  Holons are the building blocks of creative problem-solving.
	  
	  “units of thought.”
	  
	  “figments of consciousness.”
	  
	  A snapshot of infinity. A limit that our mind creates
	  
	  One of the infinite distinctions that enable our mind to assign meaning to the world around us.
	  
	  They are not just physical, they are everything.
	  
	  This is a powerful realization.
	  
	  Thoughts, ideas, and emotions are holons.
	  
	  Struggle is a whole in itself, but also a part of fulfillment.
	  
	  Holons are best understood through philosophical contemplation. Pick something random, like an object in front of you, and follow it down a rabbit hole of discovery through questioning.
	  
	  I were to choose “honey”
	  
	  The process of making honey
	  
	  The bees associated with pollination
	  
	  The beekeepers and if they are making a living wage
	  
	  Whether any harm is being done to the bees
	  
	  The manufacturing and distribution process of honey
	  
	  How the honey impacts human health when consumed
	  
	  And onward to infinity
	  
	  If you struggle in any domain of life, it’s because your perspective doesn’t include the aspects that would make it whole
	  
	  This is why multi-perspectival understanding via open-mindedness and questioning is important.
	  
	  Modern Enslavement – Society As A Pyramid Scheme
	  
	  Notice how holons are hierarchical.
	  
	  They transcend and include one another.
	  
	  Like how humans transcend and include – or integrate – animals
	  
	  Everything is structured as a hierarchy, and there are two types.
	  
	  The first are **dominator hierarch**
	  
	  These consist of a pyramid scheme-esque structure.
	  
	  The second are **natural hierarchies** or “actualization hierarchies,”
	  
	  such as: particles to atoms to cells to organisms, or letters to words to sentences to paragraphs
	  
	  The whole on one level becomes a part of the whole of the next.”
	  
	  Societal entities like public schools, government, corporate jobs, and even religious institutions are structured in this way.
	  
	  Less people with more power at the top.
	  
	  More people with less power at the bottom.
	  
	  In a true pyramid scheme, there are investors at the bottom that enable the unfair power distribution.
	  
	  You “climb” the ladder through hard work, but rarely will you reach the top. If there are 1000 people at the bottom and 10 at the top, there is only room for so many people to get to the top, obviously.
	  
	  But, money isn’t the biggest problem here
	  
	  The people at the bottom of societal pyramid schemes are not investing money, **they’re investing attention.**
	  
	  Since humans survive on a conceptual level, and if someone enslaves your attention, you will identify with that hierarchy.
	  
	  Like how people identify with their job title. When people challenge it, they get offended, and willingly rivet their attention to stay enslaved.
	  
	  Power in our modern world comes from attention.
	  
	  As we’ve discussed before, the human mind craves order.
	  
	  And with increasing anxiety, uncertainty, and overwhelm due to the downfall of traditional values – people flock to the “safe and secure” path toward becoming a cog in the societal machine (
	  
	  You escape this enslavement by creating your own **actualization hierarchy** to invest your attention in.
	  
	  One that orders your mind so you can enjoy life, create a conscious identity, and impact the world through your passionate work.
	  
	  You *can* opt for doing nothing, but you won’t escape your need to survive. Doing nothing about your life is exactly how you become a modern slave.
	  
	  The Focus Formula – How To Take Control Of Your Life
	  
	  Purpose – Your North Star
	  
	  At the peak of your actualization hierarchy is your purpose.
	  
	  You don’t have one purpose for your life.
	  
	  They come in stages, from shallow to deep.
	  
	  Like how your purpose as a teen might be to get back at your ex by becoming obsessed with the gym.
	  
	  But, you eventually transcend that purpose and adopt one around health, longevity, and enjoyment.
	  
	  My “worst” actions led to the best points in my life, but only because I was conscious of their ramifications and changed my behavior accordingly.
	  
	  Treat this as a Minimum Viable Purpose that you will refine with experience (you need experience to make you aware of opportunities).
	  
	  If you need help with this, try creating an anti-vision.
	  
	  Observe the masses, realize what kind of life you don’t want to live, and move in the opposite direction.
	  
	  Your purpose will fade.
	  
	  How do we create a meaningful purpose?
	  
	  Process – The Pursuit Of Mastery
	  
	  What is the process that will allow you to achieve that goal?
	  
	  Every stage will have its own set of lever-moving actions to polish off your process.
	  
	  s a business beginner, your levers may be learning the fundamentals of marketing and sales, writing content, and making online connections.
	  
	  As an intermediate, your levers may be building out a product so that you can monetize your audience. You can start to ween off of learning via external sources.
	  
	  As an expert, your levers may be doing what you enjoy, repurposing your best work, and diversifying your reach.
	  
	  Again, write all of this down
	  
	  Priority – Making Better Decisions
	  
	  First, this encapsulates your lever moving actions that we just discussed.
	  
	  These are best framed as performance goals (as opposed to vanity goals).
	  
	  Instead of aiming for an uncontrollable goal of “50 followers a day,” aim to write 3 posts that may *lead* to 50 followers a day.
	  
	  Instead of aiming for a “well written article,” aim for writing 1000 words (that you can come back and edit).
	  
	  The specificity helps reduce the friction around action, because you are in direct control of the outcome.
	  
	  You, at this point in your life, are a manifestation of all of your past choices. These choices are not just physical… but mental, financial, and spiritual.
	  
	  Here’s how you make better decisions:
	  
	  Bring your purpose to the top of your mind.
	  
	  Your signal (importance) to noise (distraction) ratio will improve as you do.
	  
	  Gain multi-perspectival understanding.
	  
	  Start by identifying with your future self, how would they approach situations?
	  
	  Perceive the situation in a way that allows you to act in alignment with your purpose.
	  
	  Problems are only problems if you interpret them as such.
	  
	  If you don’t feel like getting out of bed, step back and think about your measly problem.
	  
	  State of consciousness is everything.
	  
	  Attention influences behavior.
	  
	  If you are only aware of the path that society has laid out for you, your attention will be riveted to that path, and enslaved in exchange for your survival.
	  
	  You raise your consciousness even more by creating a holistic identity, like humanity or the cosmos, and expanding your mind to embody that perspective.
	  
	  Your behavior will follow, and true problems will reveal themselves that you can solve through creativity.
	  
	  Challenge – The Source Of Wisdom And Evolution
	  
	  Your personal actualization hierarchy – purpose, process, and priority – should be challenging.
	  
	  Many conventional goals are challenging at the start, but that challenge soon fades. And, those challenges aren’t something *you* actually want to take on.
	  
	  Challenge narrows attention further. This helps eliminate distractions from taking you off the path.
	  
	  That is, you will have to invest in your education to acquire the skill set required to meet that goal’s challenge.
	  
	  The source of learning is struggle, not memorization.
	  
	  Alignment – Extrinsic Potential With Intrinsic Progression
	  
	  The top pyramid – purpose, process, priority – creates a potential reality for you to create through your daily choices.
	  
	  These are responsible for extrapersonal neurotransmitters like dopamine.
	  
	  The bottom pyramid – consciousness, challenge, and clarity – create an ever increasing order in your mind.
	  
	  These are responsible for peripersonal neurotransmitters like endorphins.
	  
	  When these align, you create a neurochemical cocktail that continues circulating in your brain. It becomes much easier to live in some degree of a flow state, with your focus on the future and little to sway you from the path.
	  
	  You align these pyramids through attention.
	  
	  Meaning, you have to create time to work toward your dreams, reflect on your progress, and refine your strategy.
	  
	  Swap out the mindless consumption for future building.
	  
	  Live in the mental reality that you’ve created for yourself.
	  
	  This Is Your Reality – A Note About The Focus Formula
	  
	  It applies to anything you do.
	  
	  If you are building a side business, you need a purpose, process, priorities, and the rest.
	  
	  If you are writing an article, you need the same. Even the structure of said article is the same. You communicate with the external world through persuasive actualization hierarchies.
	  
	  This is a meta formula for operating at your highest potential on the macro and micro scale of life.