- [best biz model Dan Koe](https://thedankoe.com/the-best-online-business-model-to-make-1-million-in-2023/) [[Dan Koe]]
  collapsed:: true
	- A business has to generate revenue. You need cash flow.
	- A business has to generate revenue. You need cash flow.
	- Universal principal of offer and traffic
	  collapsed:: true
		- offer= val, traffic = ppl
		- You need to place a valuable product or service in front of a group of people that want to buy.
			- Like putting a hot dog stand outside of a music festival with a bunch of drunk people walking by.
			- Or, in dating, putting yourself in an environment where your ideal partner is so you actually have a chance of landing a date.
		- Therefore, a personal brand is the closest thing to a “one size fits all” traffic source.
		- A personal brand is how [you become the niche](https://thedankoe.com/the-most-profitable-niche-is-you-how-to-create-your-niche/) and eradicate competition.
			- You don’t have to rely on ads
			- You can talk about whatever you want ([if you sprinkle in content related to your offer](https://thedankoe.com/dont-get-replaced-by-ai-how-to-write-authentic-content/))
			- You don’t have to rely on cold outreach (for long)
			- You build an audience so you can do whatever you want
			- Your business doesn’t die when you stop doing the manual work
			- You aren’t cornered into a specific niche, like how Zuby not only talks about politics, but makes music and sells fitness programs (most people just can’t get out of the scarcity mindset of needing to land clients, so their content feels limited and boring).
		- Nobody cares about the topic, they care about how anything and everything will benefit their life.
		-
	- The xp model
		- I want to focus more on offer creation.
			- *you need to **know** more than someone who is one step behind you.*
		- You are selling a *transformation* that either you have achieved yourself, you have helped others achieve, or you want to start helping others achieve.
	- For a tutoring offer, you will be ***teaching ***them the skill instead of doing it for them. Think of it like you are walking them through a course one-on-one.
	  collapsed:: true
		- This is an alternate option to freelancing. You teach them instead of doing it for them.
		- **The reason you are doing this, instead of a course, as a beginner is because:**
		  collapsed:: true
			- You can charge more (and increase prices to $2,500+ after a few clients)
			- You don’t have an audience (traffic) to bring in consistent course sales
			- You don’t know what gets results yet (even if you think you do, you don’t), that’s why you work 1-1 and refine along the way
			- You can use direct outreach methods or [different strategies](https://digitaleconomics.school/) to acquire clients
		-
	- components of coaching or consulting or tutoring
		- a structure for what u are going to help them with
		  collapsed:: true
			- Think of where they are now (point A) and what you help them achieve (point B).
			- Think of where they are now (point A) and what you help them achieve (point B).
			- This does not have to turn into a curriculum, because you will be walking them through everything on a call.
			- This does not have to turn into a curriculum, because you will be walking them through everything on a call.
			- essentials
				- define point A
				- define point B
				- The path to get there – outline chapters of a book or modules in a course – you can use others’ books or courses for inspiration to make sure you aren’t missing anything.
				- The path to get there – outline chapters of a book or modules in a course – you can use others’ books or courses for inspiration to make sure you aren’t missing anything.
			-
		- weekly calls
		  collapsed:: true
			- Start with 4 calls, because that allows you to charge more at the start.
		- weekly action items and text access
		  collapsed:: true
			- After every call, you should tell them exactly what they should do.
			- If you are selling health coaching, have them track their food and weigh themselves each morning.
			- If you are selling design tutoring, have them create a first iteration of a social media design.
			- You should have a way of communicating with them outside of calls, like on Telegram, Whatsapp, or just texting on your phone.
		- charge 0.5k - 1k usd at the start
		  collapsed:: true
			- or start free
			- As you both grow, their testimonial will increase in value.
			- A testimonial from me at 500 followers is worth tens of thousands of dollars when I have 1 million followers. People will buy the product just because they see my name associated with it.
			- *Testimonials from creators are appreciating assets.*
			- Don’t only try to land big fish because you are desperate for money.
			-
		- scale or productize
			- Create a more compelling offer and increase your prices.
			- Turn your curriculum into a cohort-based course and use your audience to fuel it (only works for coaching, consulting, or tutoring)
				- The main downside is that you will need to be consistently growing your audience to fuel the cohort. That is difficult, but oh so worth it instead of getting trapped in a feast or famine freelance cycle.
				- Then, once your cohort gets results and testimonials, you can productize further into a self-paced course.
				- Now, you don’t have to do any work, and can spend your free time building higher ROI projects.
			- As we discussed in the last letter, you desaturate the market beneath you.
			- The creator economy cannot get saturated.
		- scale to a million
			- $1 million becomes inevitable if:
				- You don’t stagnate with one underpaying offer
				- You continue growing your following (yes, this is possible, don’t stagnate and blame the algorithm for your lack of knowledge of social media)
				- You evolve, your offers evolve, and you increase your income while decreasing the time you spend on work
			- It took me 3 years (with a bit of prior experience).
-
- alch uni
  collapsed:: true
	- #### 4. Ethereum = Natively Multi-User
	  
	  The Ethereum computer, thanks to the wide input range of the [ `keccack256` ](https://emn178.github.io/online-tools/keccak_256.html) hash function, has a practically infinite range possible for account creation. The range is 2^160,
	- gas to limit to turing comp
	-
- A man of only his words
	- [[drafts]]
	- All you've given me are plans. No output were the words I heard from my project manager. The next day there was a review meeting. But i did not make it. My work was so shoddy, they hid it from the client completely. Instead they held a pre review meet in which it was concluded that I was not fit to continue on the project.
	- Ever since then all I have done is deliver words. No results.
	- Eventually I realized.
- Week Tasks
	- family
		- aditya, mom
		- cooking
		- how to fit in quad 2 tasks in daily routine ?
	-