- [linode devto hackathon feb 20](https://dev.to/devteam/announcing-the-linode-dev-hackathon-377p)
- publish thoughts online ?
	- company reg -> deep + shallow works
- medium readathon
  collapsed:: true
	- 8 comm hacks to be assertive as young employee
	  collapsed:: true
		- speak slower than natural
			- emphasize slelect words
			- deliberate pause
		- interrupt the tuptor -> may I finish ?
		- explain the big pic -> wht obv t you not to others
		- aqvoid making statements sound like qs
		- provide structure with signposts
		- take physcial space
		-
	- ur job isnt meant to make you happy. lets find fulfillment outside work
	  collapsed:: true
		- jeff bezos -> try to enjoy half of work, most dont get there. =evrtyhthing comes with overhead
		  collapsed:: true
			- it’s not about finding meaning and purpose in your job, it’s about enjoying enough of your work, regardless of what you do for a living, and knowing there are so many other paths to a sense of doing things that matter.
			- Bezos’ words underscored for me that meaning and purpose can and should come from your entire life and the people in it, with some of it from our jobs (if we are lucky), but more broadly — from friends *and colleagues*, creativity *and productivity*, free-styling *and structure*, leisure *and work*.
		- As you think about how you can start humming your own melody, turn your gaze inwards to ask what *enough* meaning and purpose can look like both inside and outside work.
		-
	- what ted talk taught me about improving as public speaker
		- make every word count
		  collapsed:: true
			- Assuming you speak around 150 words per minutes, that’s 900 words, or the length of a short blog post or opinion piece. You can say quite a bit at that word count, if you do it right. This recent NYTimes op-ed on [criminal justice reform](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/01/03/opinion/alternative-justice-fines-prosecutors.html?rref=collection%2Fsectioncollection%2Fopinion&action=click&contentCollection=opinion®ion=rank&module=package&version=highlights&contentPlacement=2&pgtype=sectionfront&_r=0), for instance, is only 850 words.
			-
		- start strong
		  collapsed:: true
			- top TED talks [receive similar ratings](https://blog.ted.com/body-language-survey-points-to-5-nonverbal-features-that-make-ted-talks-take-off/) on intelligence, charisma, and credibility when someone watches the whole talk, or* just the first seven seconds*.
			- *We think that the brain actually decides as soon as that person takes the stage and begins speaking, “You know what? I’m gonna like this talk.”*
			-
		- know your through line
			- If there was one word that I heard over and over again at TED, it was “through-line”.
			- *Every talk should have a through-line, a connecting theme that ties together each narrative element. Think of the through-line as a strong cord onto which you will attach all the elements that are part of the idea you’re building. A good exercise is to try to encapsulate your through-line in no more than 15 words. What is the precise idea you want to build inside your listeners? What is their takeaway?*
				- Amy Cuddy’s through-line might have been something like: **Small changes in your posture can profoundly influence your mental and emotional state **(13 words)
				- Daniel Pink’s through-line might have been something like: **We have to stop using carrots-and-stick incentives if we want thoughtful, creative work** (15 words)
				- My talk’s through-line was this: **The future of work demands we hire people for their ability to perform, not their resume **(14 words)
			- rehearse like ur life depends on it
			- tell stories
			- what is ur body saying ?
				- *If you’re watching a talk and someone’s moving their hands, it gives your mind something else to do in addition to listening. So you’re doubly engaged. For the talks where someone is not moving their hands a lot, it’s almost like there’s less brain engagement, and the brain is like, “this is not exciting” — even if the content’s really good.*
				-
- braindump
	- plantaine
		- breakfast atmosphere punctured by shrill voice screaming keli zai ge
		- we had plantaine at home. mom  went to enquire about other veggies
		- did not have. then mom went back out and called her in. saying she looked weak and needed assistance. she offered to buy some to send at my aunt.
		- bought 100rs worth. I looked out
		- yeah, she could barely manage the load but wanted to carry on since sitting at home makes her fat.
		- a doctor would advise her to take rest, have some medicine. But if she stops her forays she will die. May be not in body but the soul will.
		- a lot of us look for extraneous boosts
			- coffee
			- prod tips
		- even i hv been guilty. post football.
		- but blood circulation helps with creativity. Each day aiming to do in the morning now
		-