- war of art
	- prod game
	- web summary
- [hyperfocus course](https://beyond-the-apex.mn.co/plans/262816) 4k rs
- how to create luck
	- #### How to Get Rich (by getting lucky)
	- [[A daily routine to create luck]]
	-
	- ###### Metadata
	- Author: admin
	- Category: article
	- URL: https://anthonyvicino.com/luck/
	- ######## Highlights
	  
	  Our goal is not to control Luck
	  
	  Our goal is simply to massage the probabilities ever so slightly in our favor so that over a long enough time-horizon our odds of success converge on a 100% likelihood.
	  
	  Today, we’re going to learn:
	  
	  •   The 4 Types of Luck
	  •   How to Become a Luck Magnet
	  •   A Simple Blueprint for Getting Rich (By Getting Lucky)
	  
	  1. Blind Luck
	  
	  **2. Hustle Luck**
	  
	  This is my favorite type of luck.
	  
	  It’s born from moving through the world in a cyclone of energy, kicking up dust, and seeing what sticks.
	  
	  Motion is the key to success here.
	  
	  That motion doesn’t even have to be intelligent or intentional to put you in the path of incredible good fortune.
	  
	  Want to improve your Hustle Luck?
	  
	  Well, there’s ONE trait in particular you’ve got to develop,
	  
	  First, let’s unpack the third form of luck.
	  
	  3. Preparation Luck
	  
	  If you’re not careful you could easily mistake this with Blind Luck.
	  
	  This type of luck stems from your unique knowledge, experiences, resources, outlooks, relationships, and perspectives.
	  
	  Preparation Luck typically appears inside a very narrow window of opportunity.
	  
	  Your ability to recognize the opportunity is EVERYTHING.
	  
	  To optimize for Preparation Luck you’re going to need TWO traits…
	  
	  4. Unique Character Luck
	  
	  See, the real problem with luck is that our squishy human brains didn’t evolve to accurately calculate probabilities.
	  
	  So, if we suck at calculating the likelihood of simple events, just imagine how terrible we are when dealing with the complexity of life which has an infinite number of potential outcomes.
	  
	  Here’s the most common miscalculation humans make when considering luck:
	  
	  Just because an event DID occur, we tend to think it was likely to occur.
	  
	  This happens because our brains are dot-connecting machines. In hindsight, we can literally connect any two dots to create a nice cohesive narrative (even if those dots, in reality, had nothing to do with one another).
	  
	  Our brains love nice cohesive narratives, reality be damned.
	  
	  Unique Character Luck is the result of your uniqueness.
	  
	  The combination of your weird hobbies, eccentric worldview, strange opinions, and random skills makes you a unique, irreplaceable butterfly.
	  
	  Introducing the Butterfly Effect
	  
	  Ya ever heard of how a butterfly flaps its wings in New York and it causes a tsunami in Japan?
	  
	  On the surface, it looks like you also benefited from Blind Luck, but that would miss the broader context, which is that your unique skills have increased your Surface Area of Luck.
	  
	  the **Surface Area of Luck Formula**:
	  
	  Luck = (Passionate) Doing x (Effective) Telling
	  
	  Now, what are the chances YOU (our YouTube Enthusiast) is actually the best deep sea diver in the world?
	  
	  Scuba-Boy found YOU, because not only were you passionate about the thing, but you’d been making your passions known to the world, which means his luck is now YOUR luck.
	  
	  These are the exact frameworks and systems that’ve helped me turn my ADHD into a super-power.
	  
	  1. Optimize for the Maximum Number of Swings At Bat
	  
	  Your ability to do more is dependent on two things:
	  
	  Duration and Iteration.
	  
	  One important variable to consider here is SPEED.
	  
	  If you can increase the speed with which you do things, you can VASTLY improve the number of iterations you can complete.
	  
	  2. Curiosity Is A Better Indicator of Success Than Intelligence
	  
	  In my experience hiring hundreds of employees over the years, I’ve noticed that all the rockstars who inevitably climb to the top of my companies share a distinctive trait:
	  
	  These individuals are always asking why and probing for deeper understanding of the world around them.
	  
	  Curiosity is powerful because when combined with the next thing I’m going to share with you, it VASTLY improves your likelihood of experiencing Preparation Luck.
	  
	  . Creativity is a Luck Super-Magnet
	  
	  Nothing attracts Luck quite like Creativity.
	  
	  I define Creativity as the ability to synthesize knowledge in new and unique ways.
	  
	  Combine Curiosity (filling the information tank) with Creativity (utilizing that information tank)
	  
	  you have an unstoppable engine for generating Luck seemingly on demand..
	  
	  4. Be Weirdly You
	  
	  You cannot benefit from Unique Character Luck if you are just like everybody else.
	  
	  The irony is most of us spent the first twenty years of our lives (if not even more), just trying to fit in.
	  
	  here’s the 3 things you need to do every single day to increase your exposure to luck:
	  
	  We spoke earlier about the importance of Curiosity if you want to get ahead in the workforce. The best way I know how to develop curiosity is to pick a subject and just try to learn as much about it as you possibly can.
	  
	  The more you learn, the more interesting the topic becomes because you start to see all the interconnected pieces for how complex they truly are.
	  
	  Make a daily habit of learning for at least 30 minutes a day
	  
	  Luck loves originality.
	  
	  make time each day for thinking.
	  
	  Writing for an hour a day is my preferred method,
	  
	  This is the easiest and most accessible way of quickly putting yourself on a collision course with luck, especially when you’re first starting out and you have little experience, skills, resources, or network to leverage.
	  
	  Prioritize spending at least 3 hours a day doing.
	  
	  This can take many forms including:
	  
	  Creating a product
	  
	  Designing a landing page
	  
	  Scripting a YouTube Video
	  
	  Writing an email newsletter
	  
	  Calling prospective customers