- Dan Koe reading
	- Art of self achitecture [link](https://thedankoe.com/the-art-of-self-architecture-how-to-change-who-you-are/?utm_source=pocket_reader)
		- 2 macro games of life
		  collapsed:: true
			- external
				- The external game is what you choose to do with your life.
				- It is the self-generated goals you pursue that impact humanity.
				- It is your life’s work.
				- The thing that you dedicate your time, focus, and money to building as a modality for value creation.
			- internal
				- If your external pursuits are not backed by a philosophical sense of mastery, they will remain superficial and meaningless.
				- For every goal you pursue outward, there is a lesson you must unlock inward.
				- **That is the paradox of personal development.**
				-
		- As you develop yourself you increase your level of mind.
		  collapsed:: true
			- At each level, you get a top-down view of your past experiences.
			- You start to realize the structure of the system, or game, that you were playing (or allowing to play you).
			- **A season of internal struggle is the requirement to reach your next level of mind.**
			  collapsed:: true
				- Like how I failed at 7 different businesses.
					- I tried everything under the sun.
					- Learned every skill I could.
					- Tried freelancing, dropshipping, agency work, and social media with minimal results.
					- Nothing happens, then everything happens.
						- All at once, the puzzle pieces I had been gathering clicked in my brain.
						- An avalanche called insight crashed into my psyche.
						- I knew exactly what I had to do to make my next business endeavor work.
			- After multiple cycles of this phenomenon, I am where I am now.
			- You have to battle with reality to get the lesson that makes perfect sense to you.
			- It won’t happen in an instant. You must commit to the path of uncertainty for life.
			-
		- Chiselling inwards
			- The path of the problem solver, or value creator, is how you escape the world of replaceability. Fall in love with the challenge that problems present, from superficial to metaphysical, and your ideal future will create itself. This is the infinite game.
			- To change who you are you must strike a balance between peace and progress.
			- You have to push outward toward meaningful goals while shedding the hardened shell of an identity you’ve formed.
			- Certain goals require a certain character to be achieved.
			- And if you neglect the inner work on your external journey you will end up trapped in a surface-level existence:
				- A businessman with no health.
				- A bodybuilder with no philosophy.
				- A pick-up artist with no values.
			- Most people want to start with deep, spiritual, and metaphysical problems that reside in their core.
			- If you haven’t done even the slightest bit of self-help work like:
				- Going to the gym or training
				- Fixing your nutrition and habits
				- Acquiring high-value skills and knowledge
			- I would argue that the people trying to be “spiritual” without doing the superficial work are doing it for superficial reasons.
			- Challenge:Skill = Purpose:Profits
			- **The Path**
				- pursue a goal challenging enough
				- acq the skills for it
				- **hunt and stack whys to create p[ersonal philosophy**
				  collapsed:: true
					- One day, I decided to cut some weight.
					- I’d gotten a bit too heavy for my liking, and a goal was formed in my mind.
					- I started consuming information to piece together a weight loss strategy.
					- Walking seemed like a great way to increase my energy expenditure.
					- So, I started walking 10K steps a day.
					- On those walks, I realized:
						- I can listen to lectures and books to fuel my mind
						- I can generate ideas and write content
						- I actually enjoyed taking a break to get out of the house, it helped with my focus
						- After I lost the weight, my daily activity was higher so I could eat more (win) while staying lean
						- I can take business calls
						- I can maintain a decent tan for most of the year
					- Now, I walk a minimum of 20K steps a day.
						- When I’m bored, I walk.
						- When I lack creativity, I walk.
						- When I need to go to the store, I walk.
						- That last point actually influenced where I live.
						- I don’t think I’ll ever live in a non-walkable city just because of the benefits it has brought me.
						-
				- turn the pursuits into valuable contributions
					-