- [[Machine learning bookcamp]]
- Dan Koe deep work
	- [src](https://thedankoe.com/change-your-life-in-6-months-my-deep-work-routine/?utm_source=pocket_saves)
	  collapsed:: true
		- 2 hrs writing for erest of life
			- base income
			- clears mind
			- allows rto cutivate creatvity early morning
	- Second, you won’t learn what you want unless you experiment with what you want now, just to realize what you don’t want. This is the process of lifestyle iteration.
	- When you bring the specific actions from your ideal future into the now, you invest energy into that lifestyle.
	- From my law of conceptual survival, you will make decisions to maintain those daily habits.
	  collapsed:: true
		- **Conceptual survival:** *The human phenomenon where our survival instincts have transcended the physical realm and* *are included* *in the mental**. We work to survive ideas, concepts, and beliefs that form our sense of self.*
		- Your mind will view situations through that lens and register potential solutions for the problem. You can find these solutions on social media, in books, or anywhere really.
		- If you aren’t working toward your ideal future, you are working toward someone else’s.
			- Your time will be filled according to perceived importance, so create the importance by investing energy in your goals.
		-
	- the holistic daily routine
		- You need dedicated time each day for creativity, productivity, and experimentation.
		- I’m asking you to do it for the minimum amount of time you can. 15 minutes or so. Because the health of your psyche depends on it. You aren’t wired for modern life, and if it has become normal to you, you are by definition trapped in “the matrix.”
		- 3 base activities
			- fills ur mind
			- empties ur mind
			- user ur mind
			- my 4th -> keeps ur body functioning -> bike analogy
	- the need for deep work
		- perception threshold -> waht was difficult becomes effortless
		- the priority ladder
		  collapsed:: true
			- a way to structure your focused work sessions.
			- We start with a high-priority project that is based on a future goal.
			- After that time block, we move on to harnessing our creative ability with high-leverage tasks… the ones we don’t, and shouldn’t outsource.
			- Next, we move on to meaningful tasks that coincide with our creative work.
			- Fourth is for maintenance tasks and exposing yourself to the world.
			  id:: 64195ac4-b04b-43db-b102-9c825d9d2f54
			- **All of these time blocks should last 60-90 minutes before taking a break.**
			- **All of these time blocks should last 60-90 minutes before taking a break.**
			-
		- priority 1 - vision building
			- If you don’t have a lot of time in your days, this is the only block you should pay attention to. No excuses.
			- If you can’t set aside one hour to build something meaningful to you… something needs to change. Fast. Sacrifices hurt but are necessary.
			- **Create a project that is a puzzle piece to your ideal lifestyle.**
			- For most people, this will revolve around learning new skills to advance their career or [starting a one-person business](https://thedankoe.com/the-one-person-business-model-how-to-monetize-yourself/).
			- The actions you take in this time block should move levers.
			- If you are starting a business, it would be silly to start writing a newsletter first ([unless you use my system](https://2hourwriter.com/)).
				- You don’t have readers.
				- You don’t have an offer to monetize with.
				- You don’t have a way of actually getting readers.
			- Instead, you need to educate yourself on what the levers are through courses, books, or internet content.
			- **A much better place to start would be the classic social media growth formula:**
				- 0-30 replies on larger accounts (because their audience is a traffic source that can click on your profile and follow you).
				- 5-10 DMs a day using the non-needy networking process (so you have friends that can share your content, you need eyes)
				- Practicing writing short-form content that can be spread to new readers.
			- Once you have that down, you are building traffic.
			- Then, you need a minimum viable offer you can iterate on. That way, you can monetize the traffic.
			- As your processes become more efficient they will demand less time and you can start to play around with your deep work schedule.
		- p2 -> high leverage creative w2ork
			- In the new economy, your ideas are what set you apart.
			- You must distribute them on a daily basis if you want to generate attention, income, and authority.
			- During my second time block, I prioritize my newsletter writing.
				- Long-form writing is like fleshing out the depth of one massive idea.
				- Think of it as deconstructing a big idea, writing it out, and reconstructing it into a new one.
			- For those just starting out, you are better off focusing your efforts on writing content for social media platforms to generate traffic.
		- p3 -> meaningful and spillover tasks
			- My third time block is when I write social media content or record videos.
			- Sometimes, I have enough content from random ideas that come to mind that I pop into [TweetHunter](https://thedankoe.com/get/tweethunter) (where all of my content starts that I cross-post to all platforms).\
			- In that case, I try to catch up on other work, or I’ll check in on other ventures that I’m working on (like the idea capture software I’m building).
			- In short, this time block should be for the meaningful tasks that you don’t plan to outsource.
			- I don’t think I will ever outsource:
				- My newsletter writing (which turns into a YouTube video)
				- My tweet writing (which turns into Instagram, LinkedIn, reels scripts, etc).
			-
		- p4 -> maintenance tasks
			- In my case, it’s around 9:30-10am at this point.
			- I’ve knocked out all of the work that keeps my business healthy and growing.
				- Now, I focus on tasks that will maintain my products and services, like checking in to Modern Mastery, responding to messages, and checking email.
			- I leave this for the end of my work sessions because even one message can throw your entire deep work session off.
			- Absolute focus allows you to get 8 hours of work done in 2, and you don’t realize this until you do it.
			-