- typsescript deep dive and use THIS to learn zod
	- https://www.totaltypescript.com/tutorials/beginners-typescript
	- https://www.totaltypescript.com/tutorials/zod
- [[drafts]]
- webflow tip : educate, don't sell
- producing ideas
  collapsed:: true
	- #### For a More Creative Brain Follow These 5 Steps
	- [[5 step creative process]]
	-
	- ###### Metadata
	- Author: James Clear
	- Category: article
	- URL: https://jamesclear.com/five-step-creative-process
	- ###### Highlights
	  [[]]
	  The man who invented a solution to this problem was named Frederic Eugene Ives. He went on to become a trailblazer in the field of photography and held over 70 patents by the end of his career.
	  
	  In 1881, Ives had a flash of insight regarding a better printing technique.
	  
	  “While operating my photostereotype process in Ithaca, I studied the problem of halftone process,” Ives said. “I went to bed one night in a state of brain fog over the problem, and the instant I woke in the morning saw before me, apparently projected on the ceiling, the completely worked out process and equipment in operation.
	  
	  Ives quickly translated his vision into reality and patented his printing approach in 1881. He spent the remainder of the decade improving upon it. By 1885, he had developed a simplified process that delivered even better results. The Ives Process, as it came to be known, reduced the cost of printing images by 15x and remained the standard printing technique for the next 80 years.
	  
	  According to Young, innovative ideas happen when you develop new combinations of old elements. In other words, creative thinking is not about generating something new from a blank slate, but rather about [taking what is already present and combining those bits and pieces in a way that has not been done previously](https://jamesclear.com/dont-start-from-scratch).
	  
	  Young believed this process of creative connection always occurred in five steps.
	  
	  **Gather new material.** At first, you learn. During this stage you focus on 1) learning specific material directly related to your task and 2) learning general material by becoming fascinated with a wide range of concepts
	  
	  **Thoroughly work over the materials in your mind.** During this stage, you examine what you have learned by looking at the facts from different angles and experimenting with fitting various ideas together.
	  
	  **Step away from the problem.** Next, you put the problem completely out of your mind and go do something else that excites you and energizes you.
	  
	  **Let your idea return to you.** At some point, but only after you have stopped thinking about it, your idea will come back to you with a flash of insight and renewed energy.
	  
	  1.  **Shape and develop your idea based on feedback.** For any idea to succeed, you must release it out into the world, submit it to criticism, and adapt it as needed.
	  
	  First, Ives gathered new material. He spent two years working as a printer’s apprentice and then four years running the photographic laboratory at Cornell University. These experiences gave him a lot of material to draw upon and make associations between photography and printing.
	  
	  Second, Ives began to mentally work over everything he learned. By 1878, Ives was spending nearly all of his time experimenting with new techniques. He was constantly tinkering and experimenting with different ways of putting ideas together.
	  
	  hird, Ives stepped away from the problem. In this case, he went to sleep for a few hours before his flash of insight. Letting creative challenges sit for longer periods of time can work as well. Regardless of how long you step away, you need to do something that interests you and takes your mind off of the problem.
	  
	  Fourth, his idea returned to him. Ives awoke with the solution to his problem laid out before him. (On a personal note, I often find creative ideas hit me just as I am lying down for sleep. Once I give my brain permission to stop working for the day, the solution appears easily.)
	  
	  Finally, Ives continued to revise his idea for years. In fact, he improved so many aspects of the process he filed a second patent. This is a critical point and is often overlooked. It can be easy to fall in love with the initial version of your idea, but great ideas always evolve.
	  
	  The creative process is the act of making new connections between old ideas. Thus, we can say creative thinking is the task of recognizing relationships between concepts.
	  
	  Being creative isn’t about being the first (or only) person to think of an idea. More often, creativity is about connecting ideas.
- [[Engineering Daybook]]
- Weekly log
	- EthIndia Application
	  collapsed:: true
		- Deadline : fri midnight
		- interviews : 02 feb to 17 feb. Interview invite by 30th jan
		- cohort dates : 03-02-2023 to 02-04 (2 months of web3? -> $1k) 60hr / week
		- If you're a beginner, with some knowledge of Web3 and want an opportunity to learn by going all-in, we suggest applying to **Track Wei**.
		- If you are a seasoned builder or Web3 degen and feel ready to level up by utilising mentorship and building projects from the get-go, **Track Gwei** would be more apt for you.
		- **What would you consider to be your standout project? ***
		- **tell us about a few blockchain projects you might be interested in building during the course of the fellowship**
		  collapsed:: true
			- [[Web3 Project ideas]]
			-
		- **Why are you applying to the Fellowship, and what do you hope to take away from it (in atleast 300 words)?**** ***
		  collapsed:: true
			- [[Why Applying to EthIndia fellowship 3.0]]
				-
		- [[Ethindia Application Project]]
	- Leo Site delivery
		- create checkpoints to reduce anxiety