- [react ts course](https://www.udemy.com/course/react-and-typescript-build-a-portfolio-project/) buy after finishin current
  collapsed:: true
	- [mastering ts](https://www.udemy.com/course/learn-typescript/) post this
- ideas for content creation
  collapsed:: true
	- inverse thinking
		- say I’m wound up about poor meetings.
			- **Question 1: how would I make [thing] worse?**
			- **uestion 2: what is the opposite of that?**
	- opposing concepts
		- This technique is about holding two opposing views in your mind and asking how they could exist together.
			- Laziness could be used to maximise productivity
			- Could productivity and laziness work well together?
	- centrifugal thinking
		- The idea here is to ‘spin the idea around’ and see what drops out.
			- **State a commonly held belief:**
				- E.g. habits are the way you improve your life.
			- **2. List out all the other reasons someone succeeds:**
				- Luck
				- Genetics
				- Environment
				- Family dynamic
				- Luck is invisible
				- Thinking patterns
			- **3. Put it back together and see how it fits**
				- Survivor bias
				- Habits are genetics
				- Habits are about thinking patterns
				- Habits are a result of the environment
				- Habits are built easier early in life — i.e. parenting matters
			-
- Taking programming courses
  collapsed:: true
	- Plan for finishing. Try and arrange those content pieces
	- Add modifications. Might be more effective than building from scratch
	- for building own I'm consufed viz a viz validation vs volume. Shd probably choose volume
	- it will highly depend on your goal
- Current situ wrt projects and money
  collapsed:: true
	- shd go all in on ultralearning
	- handicapped by money
	- quad based thinking
	  collapsed:: true
		- quad 2 -> most effective but also least rewarding in daily life
		- quad 1 -> where the money comes from but not as meaningful -> not enjoyable plus
		- quad 3 and 4 not understood. Have to find someone to delegate to.
			- lot of distractions that are only visible on lookback
	- id
	- blockchain
	  collapsed:: true
		- wallets and working
	- writing -> blocked by niche
	  collapsed:: true
		- emrace funny instead
	-
- 90 min deep work -> workout
- payton clark smith in inspiration list
  collapsed:: true
	- deep dive
		- one person agency [model](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdRnjNdfaX0)
			- fluid structure
			- servies
				- sales and marketing
					- seo
					- google ads
					- email
					- smm
				- design
					- graph
					- ux ui
					- web
				- coaching and consulting
			- workload mgmt
				- automate and offload
					- billing etc
						- refer his vid on nocode tools
			- finding clients
				-
- leo landing
	- payton landing videos x2
	- moodboard
	- build
	- sleep
	-