- Dan Koe How read books for max intelli
  collapsed:: true
	- set an intention
		- Humans are goal-oriented creatures.
		  collapsed:: true
			- We interpret information, conversations, and happenings from our individual perspectives.
			- At the root of that perspective is a series of goals, problems, and beliefs surrounding those goals or problems.
		-
- not learnt anything until
  collapsed:: true
	- I kept thinking how great it would be to get out of the version of myself that I am and become someone I want to be. That was my only source of motivation: **the thought that I was not ok**
		- With this motivation, I started to take action. I went to the gym because, after all, *the body I have now is ugly*. I went on a course because, after all, *now I’m incompetent*.
		- To act with such motivation was sad. Every day, striving for something better, I thought badly of myself. This weakened my psyche and took the joy out of life. I would explode with anger at my faults and then for a brief moment I would pick myself up. And when the anger tired me out, I would go back to my old lifestyle: Netflix, boring work and ruined relationships.
		- Until one day I came up with an idea. A banal one. I thought: maybe there’s another reason why I should do things? Maybe it’s not about being some other version of myself at all?
		- **I realised that difficult things are only done willingly out of love. If you love yourself, you won’t eat junk because you’re convinced your body deserves better. If you love yourself, you will have a serious conversation with your partner because you are convinced you deserve a good relationship. If you love yourself, you will dare to change career because you know your passions are important and worth pursuing.**
		- Take a piece of paper and write on it **“I love myself, so I will ….”** and start acting out of love ❤
		-
- advice from 8yr exp dev
	- things wish sooner
		- write a work log
			- You can fill in this document at the frequency you want. I would advise doing that on a weekly basis. Tasks done during the week are still fresh on Friday, so you won’t struggle writing them down.
			- To remind yourself of all the things you have done over the past 6 to 12 months. This is very valuable during performance reviews, so you can show your manager what you have accomplished and why you deserve that raise or promotion.
			- To keep track of projects, notable responsibilities, and critical numbers (e.g., decreased latency by X% for a critical service) that you had over your career. This is great for completing your resume, whenever you want to venture into the waters of the hiring market.
		- leave the comfy zone
			- Write documentation about a topic you are comfortable with. The objective is to share your knowledge and indirectly mentor people so they can get this knowledge faster than you did. Also, writing is a great skill to learn and improve, be it for documentation, emails, instant messages, RFCs (Requests For Comments), blog posts, etc.
			- Write documentation about a topic you are comfortable with. The objective is to share your knowledge and indirectly mentor people so they can get this knowledge faster than you did. Also, writing is a great skill to learn and improve, be it for documentation, emails, instant messages, RFCs (Requests For Comments), blog posts, etc.
			- There may be some subjects you don’t really care about. In my case, for a long time, I didn’t want to learn anything related to machine learning and data analytics. But, my curiosity and thirst for knowledge eventually led me on the path of these topics. Even though I didn’t get the chance to work on company projects based on these fields, I am glad I learned about them. It is great to have meaningful conversations with my peers, and it can even help me find ideas I couldn’t get without this knowledge.
			-