- disc is destiny
	- #### Discipline Is Destiny: The Power of Self-Control (The Stoic Virtues Series)
	- [[Discipline is destiny]]
	-
	- ###### Metadata
	- Author: Ryan Holiday
	- Category: pdf
	- URL: https://readwise.io/reader/document_raw_content/25940598
	- ######## Highlights
	  
	  Nearly anything you want, whenever you want it, however you’d like it,
	  it’s yours.
	  This is our human right. As it should be.
	  And yet … what do we have to show for all this? Certainly not
	  widespread flourishing. Empowered, unshackled, blessed beyond
	  expectation—why are we so damn unhappy?
	  
	  Because we mistake liberty for license.
	  
	  Freedom, as Eisenhower
	  famously said, is actually only the “opportunity for self-discipline.
	  
	  Technology, access, success, power, privilege—
	  this is only a blessing when accompanied by the second of the cardinal
	  virtues: self-restraint.
	  
	  From Aristotle to Heraclitus, St. Thomas Aquinas to the Stoics, from The
	  Iliad to the Bible, in Buddhism, in Confucianism, in Islam—the ancients
	  had many words and many symbols for what amounts to a timeless law of
	  the universe: We must keep ourselves in check or risk ruin.
	  
	  Self-discipline is giving everything you have … and knowing what to
	  hold back.
	  
	  t getting comfortable was the enemy, and that success is an
	  endless series of invitations to get comfortable.
	  
	  It’s easy to be disciplined
	  when you have nothing. What about when you have everything? What
	  about when you’re so talented that you can get away with not giving
	  everything?
	  
	  . The
	  body, you must understand, is a metaphor. It’s a training ground, a proving
	  ground for the mind and the soul.
	  What are you willing to put up with?
	  What can you do without?
	  What will you put yourself through?
	  
	  What can you produce with it?
	  You say you love what you do. Where’s your proof? What kind of streak
	  
	  Most of us don’t have millions of fans watching. Or millions of dollars
	  incentivizing us. We don’t have a coach or a trainer monitoring daily
	  progress. There is no fighting weight for our profession. This actually
	  makes our jobs, our lives harder—because we have to be our own manager,
	  our own master. We’re responsible for our own conditioning. We have to
	  monitor our own intake, decide our own standards.
	  Good.
	  
	  We owe it to ourselves, to our goals, to the game, to keep going. To keep
	  pushing. To stay pure. To be tough.
	  To conquer our bodies before they conquer us.
	  
	  “Writers all devise ways to approach that place where they expect to
	  make the contact,” she’d later reflect, “where they become the conduit, or
	  where they engage in this mysterious process.
	  
	  . For me, light is the signal in
	  the transition. It’s not being in the light, it’s being there before it arrives. It
	  enables me, in some sense.”
	  
	  Early, she was free. Early, she was confident and clearheaded and full of
	  energy. Early, the obligations of life existed only in theory and not in fact.
	  All that mattered, all that was there, was the story—the inspiration and the
	  art.
	  
	  The less you desire, the richer you are, the freer you are, the more
	  powerful you are.
	  It’s that simple.
	  
	  o his success
	  was rather simple: having a clean desk.
	  Actually, as Robert Caro observed, it wasn’t technically a desk. Robert
	  Moses preferred to work off a large table, because it made him more
	  effective and encouraged better workflow.
	  
	  believed in processing:
	  Something came in and he dealt with it
	  
	  “Since a table has no drawers,” Caro wrote of
	  Moses’s system, “there was no place to hide papers; there was no escape
	  from a nagging problem or a difficult-to-answer letter except to get rid of it
	  in one way or another.”
	  
	  You’re drowning in papers. Or digitally, your inbox overflows, your
	  desktop is packed with icons, your phone an endless mosaic of apps and
	  programs. Then you wonder why you’re stressed, why you’re behind, and
	  why you can’t find anything. Precious seconds—piling up into precious
	  minutes and hours—spent shuffling, scrolling, searching, moving. It would
	  be impossible not to be distracted, exhausted by the mess we’ve decided to
	  wallow in
	  
	  If we want to think well and work well, it doesn’t start with the mind. It
	  starts with walking around and cleaning up.
	  
	  The space where great work is done is holy. We must respect it.
	  Because a person comfortable with a messy workspace will become
	  comfortable with sloppy work. A person who doesn’t eliminate noise will
	  miss the messages from the muses. A person who puts up with needless
	  friction will eventually be worn down.
	  
	  What he’s talking about is showing up. The incredible, underrated power
	  of clocking in every day, putting your ass in the seat, and the luck this
	  seems to inevitably produce. Edison lived in his laboratory and never
	  missed a day
	  
	  Show up and try. Get on the treadmill. Pick up the violin. Answer some
	  emails. Script out some scenes. Reach out to some clients. Read some
	  reports. Lift a couple weights. Jog one mile. Cross one thing off the to-do
	  list. Chase down a lead.
	  
	  You don’t have to always be amazing. You do always have to show up.
	  What matters is sticking around for the next at bat.
	  
	  Even though they were some of the best recruits in the nation, even though
	  they’d been doing this nearly every day of their lives, Coach John Wooden
	  started his very first team meeting at the beginning of each UCLA season
	  with a simple exercise.
	  “Men,” he said, “this is how you put your shoes and socks on.”
	  
	  In basketball—a game played on a hard floor—an athlete’s footwear is
	  incredibly important. An improperly worn shoe can lead to a blister, which
	  can lead to an infection, to favoring a foot, to going up for a rebound
	  wrong, to a broken ankle or a blown- out knee.
	  
	  Of course, we all think we’re past this.
	  We have something more important to think about. We want something
	  more exciting to do. Less basic, less fundamental.
	  We want to really challenge ourselves, not waste time running through
	  some checklist, stretching before a workout, reading the instructions instead
	  of diving in.
	  
	  But that’s the point: We’re fit to tackle the big problems only if we do
	  the little things right first. No strategy will succeed—however brilliant—if
	  it ignores logistics.
	  
	  . The same is likely true for Oates:
	  If asked how many books she’d written, she’d probably undercount. That
	  isn’t how she thinks. She thinks about the work, el trabajo gustoso, as one
	  writer put it—the pleasurable work—not what has come out the other side.
	  
	  I have always lived a very conventional life of moderation,” she
	  explained, “absolutely regular hours, nothing exotic, no need, even, to
	  organize my time. We each have a twenty-four-hour day, which is more
	  than enough time to do what we must do.”
	  
	  If you do it right, it’s also torture not to do it. The sled dog gets anxious
	  if it doesn’t get to wear its harness. The horse wants to go out and trot. The
	  bee dies if cut off from the hive. When you find what you’re meant to do,
	  you do it.
	  
	  And that’s how you manage to do prodigious amounts of it—not
	  grudgingly, but lovingly.
	  
	  And there can be something about cleaning up—a nice shave, freshly
	  ironed garments—that puts us in the right head-space
	  
	  Success breeds softness. It also breeds fear: We become addicted to our
	  creature comforts. And then we become afraid of losing them.
	  
	  Although they come from very
	  different places, the desire to skip a workout and the impulse to work out
	  too much end up in the same place. It’s a short-term bargain with long-term
	  consequences, just as the cost of the pleasure of the candy bar or the drug is
	  paid for down the line … with interest.
	  
	  You think you’re getting ahead by taking on a bit more, by pushing a
	  little further. You think it’s impressive to push through the little warning
	  signs of pain. No, no, you’re missing the point. John Steinbeck referred to
	  this as the “indiscipline of overwork,” reminding himself that it was “the
	  falsest of economies.”
	  
	  The proof? Teams that peaked too early. Career-ending injuries. Books
	  that were clearly rushed. Bad decisions made under pressure. Days missed
	  due to preventable illness. Burnout.
	  
	  Do you want people to look at you in a few years, when you are a husk
	  of your former self, and think about what could have been?
	  If you had stayed healthy, if you had had something left in the tank, if
	  you hadn’t wasted all that potential …
	  To last, to be great, you have to understand how to rest. Not just rest, but
	  relax, too, have fun too. (After all, what kind of success is it if you can
	  never lay it down?)
	  The most surefire way to make yourself more fragile, to cut your career
	  short, is to be undisciplined about rest and recovery, to push yourself too
	  hard, too fast, to overtrain and to pursue the false economy of overwork.
	  Manage the load.
	  
	  Da Vinci was like this, becoming almost serially incapable of finishing
	  his paintings. Steve Jobs got stuck releasing the Macintosh before he was
	  fired from Apple. A biographer of the novelist Ralph Ellison speaks of a
	  perfectionism that was so “clogging” the man’s arteries that, in one case,
	  Ellison produced forty drafts of a short statement about one of his own
	  books
	  
	  The tragic result was that Ellison never
	  published a follow-up to his masterpiece, Invisible Man, despite writing
	  some nineteen inches of futile manuscript pages over the years.
	  
	  As they say, another way to spell “perfectionism” is p-a-r-a-l-y-s-i-s.
	  
	  The one thing all fools have in common, Seneca wrote, is that they’re
	  always getting ready to live. They tell themselves they just need to get some
	  things in place first, that they’re just not feeling it yet, that they’ll get to it
	  after …
	  
	  He who postpones the hour of living right,” Horace wrote, “is like the
	  rustic who waits for the river to run out before he crosses.”
	  
	  stic who waits for the river to run out before he crosses.”
	  To paraphrase the Stoics: You could be good now. Instead you chose
	  tomorrow.
	  
	  To procrastinate is to be entitled. It is arrogant. It assumes there will be a
	  later. It assumes you’ll have the discipline to get to it later (despite not
	  having the discipline now).
	  
	  The graveyard of lost potential, we might say, is filled with people who
	  just needed to do something else first.
	  
	  We are all given the same twenty-four hours each day, just as each
	  basketball team is given twenty-four seconds per possession on the court.
	  To not be aware of it? To not respect it? To not know how to use and
	  manage it? It is not just sloppy, it’s stupid.
	  
	  You’re in the game, always. You’ve got to know the time precisely
	  because you will never know when it’s going to run out on you. That’s what
	  the reminder memento mori means. No one can take time or life for granted
	  
	  pe
	  
	  Some people claim that time is just a construct. If that is true, it is
	  perhaps humanity’s greatest creation.
	  
	  . Because time is the way we measure
	  the only truly nonrenewable resource we have. No one is making more of it.
	  Once lost, it cannot be recovered. It is also an incredibly powerful force, as
	  anyone who has ever watched small amounts of interest applied over a long
	  enough period can attest.
	  
	  You missed opportunities to get better. You missed opportunities to make
	  progress. You didn’t let patience work to your advantage. You disrespected
	  other people (who you made wait). You disrespected your cause (which you
	  deprived of your presence).
	  But the silver lining of this tragedy is that life has given you a second
	  chance.
	  
	  Now is the time. Because now is the only time you have.
	  
	  Coming up with the idea for a book is a creative pursuit. Actually
	  creating the book is a work of excruciating manual labor, sitting in a chair,
	  grinding out each consecutive sentence—a process not measured in hours
	  or days, but months and years. It’s a marathon of endurance, cognitive and
	  physical.
	  
	  For me, in the last decade, I have run not just a couple of these
	  marathons but twelve of them, back to back to back. That’s roughly 2.5
	  million words across titles I’ve published, articles I’ve written, and the daily
	  emails that I produced in the same period. And on this book—the halfway
	  mark in my series on the four virtues
	  
	  It had just two dozen words scrawled in red Sharpie. When was it
	  written? Why had I written it? What had prompted me? All I know is what
	  it said.
	  
	  Trust the process. Keep doing my cards. When I check them in June—if I have
	  done my work—there will be a book there.
	  
	  It wasn’t exactly a miracle … but defying space and time, I had traveled
	  from the past into the future to deliver a reminder of self- discipline.
	  
	  And guess what? It saved me.
	  Not from the work, of course, but from myself. From giving up. From
	  abandoning the system and process that had served me so well on all those
	  books and articles and emails. In one of the best passages in Meditations,
	  Marcus Aurelius, almost certainly in the depths of some personal crisis of
	  faith, reminds himself to “Love the discipline you know, and let it support
	  you.”
	  
	  I began showing up at the office earlier each day to work with my
	  material. Card after card, I sorted them into tiny little piles. Looking for
	  connections, for threads I could follow, for the key that would unlock the
	  book.
	  
	  Instead of worrying, I used the calm and mild light of the philosophy I
	  have written about in my books. I went for long walks when I got stuck. I
	  tried to follow my routine. I tuned out distraction. I focused. I also sat—just
	  sat—and thought.
	  
	  I trusted the process. I loved the discipline I knew. I let it support me.
	  I’d love to be able to tell you that shortly after this the book just clicked.
	  But that’s not how writing, or life, works. What actually happened was
	  slower, more iterative, but also in the end, just as transformative.
	  
	  As I walked that long hallway of despair, light began to creep in. Lou
	  Gehrig stepped forward from the shadows. After nearly four thousand pages
	  of biographies, Queen Elizabeth entered as a portrait of temperament. One
	  character after another slowly, painstakingly, chapter by chapter, became
	  discernable.
	  
	  The book was there, as my note promised me. Now I had to write it.
	  
	  . Sometime during those tough early days of the book, I put a
	  note card up on my wall with a quote from Martha Graham: “Never be
	  afraid of material. The material knows when you are frightened and will not
	  help.” Self-discipline is pointless without courage, and, of course, the
	  defining characteristic of courage is self-discipline—steeling yourself for
	  what must be done.
	  
	  While a book requires many, many hours of work, these hours come in
	  rather small increments
	  
	  . If I get to the office at eight thirty, I could be done
	  writing by eleven. Just a couple hours is all it takes. Just a couple crappy
	  pages a day, as one old writing rule puts it. The discipline of writing is
	  about showing up.
	  
	  The following year, the Spurs were back. Following the devastating
	  Game 7 loss, he and the Spurs came back to beat the Heat in just five games
	  to win his fourth NBA championship, and the team’s fifth.
	  
	  But the biggest feat was how he changed his relationship to the game, to
	  winning and losing. It wasn’t anger or revenge that was driving him. He
	  was actually enjoying himself.
	  
	  He became more balanced, more in control of his emotions. He was
	  more present. He had more fun. And he was a better father and husband and
	  teammate as a result.
	  
	  . When we say that self-discipline
	  saves us, part of what it saves us from is ourselves. Sometimes that’s from
	  our laziness or our weakness. Just as often, it’s from our ambitions, from
	  our excesses, from our impulse to be too hard on others and ourselves.
	  
	  As I struggled to write this book, I tried my best to improve in another
	  area of my life—how my work and self-discipline manifests itself at home.
	  Several years ago, after I sold a project, my editor called my wife, in part to
	  congratulate us but also to apologize. She knew what this meant for my
	  wife—what it would do to me, who I became in the dark depths of writing a
	  book.
	  
	  . But then, as I worked from home on the final
	  pages on this book, my five-year-old looked up from his art project and
	  said, “I’m sorry you lost your job writing books, Dad.” Apparently things
	  had been so much less crazy and my boundaries had been so much better
	  that he thought I’d been forced into early retirement.
	  
	  So yes, as I finish here, I am still tired.
	  I am so tired. I also feel wonderful.
	  Life is for the living. We are meant to be up and doing.
	  
	  If books came naturally, without effort? Everyone would write them.
	  
	  And for [books], you can plug in whatever it is that you do. It’s good that
	  it’s hard. It’s good that it can be discouraging. It’s good that it breaks your
	  heart, kicks your ass, messes with your head. But it can also be done with
	  balance, with sustainability, and, most of all, with temperance.
	  
	  That’s what separates the disciplined from the undisciplined, the weak
	  from the strong, the amateurs from the pros.