- https://eattheblocks.com/web3-mentoring-program?utm_video=lSERHqIzy9I&%3Futm_src=youtube
	- https://eattheblocks.com/courses/polygon-development
	- https://eattheblocks.com/posts/the-ultimate-solidity-0-8-cheatsheet
	- https://eattheblocks.com/courses/6-figure-blockchain-developer
	- https://eattheblocks.com/courses/defi-development-mastery
- [things u think matter dont](https://medium.com/@ryanholiday/the-things-you-think-matter-dont-cf78091a31fd?source=explore---------1-2--------------------7e4f0b8e_a796_4037_837c_d5c369c33395-------15&utm_source=pocket_mylist)
  collapsed:: true
	- a line from Peter Thiel who pointed out that we can get so good at trying to win that we don’t stop and ask if we’re playing the right game.
	- Why do we do this? One, I guess it’s because we don’t know, we don’t listen. We only realize the things are worthless once we get them…even though plenty of people had already returned to the cave and told us we were chasing shadows.
	-
	- But I think the biggest reason is actually the biggest thing we chase that doesn’t matter. We chase achievements and money and status because we’re trying to create a legacy. Because we want people to remember us, for our stuff to last.
	- Only right now matters. The life you’re living — that’s the only monument that counts. Who you are in this moment, how you treat people, how you treat yourself — that is what you think doesn’t matter…but does. That is the real legacy.
	-
- [why u stay up late](https://t.co/Vf4UNlqBHi?utm_source=pocket_mylist)
  collapsed:: true
	- revenge bedtime procrastination is quite common in people who feel they don’t have control over their time (such as those in high-stress occupations) and are looking for a way to regain some personal time, even if it means staying up too late.
	-
	- “An interesting difference may be that people typically procrastinate on tasks they find aversive—housework, homework, boring tasks—while sleeping for most people is not aversive at all,” says Kroese. “It might be the bedtime routines that precede going to bed that people dislike or just that they do not like quitting whatever they were doing.”
	- While self-regulation and procrastination may sound like opposite sides of the same coin, they are actually different
		- procrastination as delaying an action, while self-regulation refers to “thoughts, feelings, and behaviors that guide individuals to set personal goals.”
			- For those unable to self-regulate, Edwards adds that the time before bed may be the only time to process the emotional backlog from the day, including “frustration and anger, or fear and anxiety they may have felt during the day but shut out.”
			- Kroese’s research indicates that “self-regulation interventions” could be helpful at improving sleeping behavior, and therefore reducing sleep procrastination. Getting adequate sleep requires more than just setting a bedtime (especially considering that self-regulation comes with thoughts and feelings, and not just behaviors).
	- the power down hour
		- 20 ,im to durty
		- 20  min to hygience
		- 20 min to relax
			- medi
			- journal
		- The order of each segment is what Breus claims is “the secret ingredient.”
			- you are not only addressing specific behaviors of self-regulation; you are also considering the thoughts and feelings element
			-
- [monk taught to focus](https://medium.com/better-humans/a-monk-taught-me-how-to-focus-17068bafc678?utm_source=pocket_mylist)
- [[Web3conf hackthon]]
-
-