- [src](https://medium.com/@rkursem/concept-maps-the-hidden-gem-of-personal-knowledge-management-84edc658054a)
	- In the world of personal knowledge management (PKM), there is an intense focus on note taking, but hardly any focus on the structural organization of notes or how they relate to each other. Some tools have features for creating structure in your notes, but most tools do a rather poor job. The aim of this article is to convince you that concept mapping is the method you, as a serious PKM enthusiast, should master to structure your second brain.
	- A concept map is a **visual representation of relationships between concepts.** A concept map consists of **nodes and edges where the nodes summarize concepts and the edges represent the relationship between the concepts**. In the simplest form, concept maps consist of noun-verb relationships as shown below. This is the essence of knowledge graphs, which is a simpler form of concept maps.
	- The slow design process of concept maps and the fixed placement of the nodes and edges allows you to take a mental picture of the map. It is a bit hard to express the value of this in writing, but fixating the nodes layout allow a kind of integration between the concept map and your (first) brain. While adding concept nodes and relationships, **you see the map so many times it actually becomes like a connected second brain to you**. Thus, it is not just a place you dump notes and forget about them, but rather a starting point for rediscovering notes.
	- [[knowledge horizon]]
	-