- Most imp way to ensure success : treat as a project
	- The first is that they allow you to get concrete about your motivations and what you’re trying to accomplish. This aspect of goal-setting is tremendously important since it takes your diffuse energies and focuses them onto a single target.
	- Secondly, they force you to really think through what will be required to be successful. Many people start learning goals without concrete plans, and when frustrations crop up (as they inevitably do) they give up! Setting up a project will force you to realize the work involved and make sure you’re committed before you start.
	- projects allow you to organize your learning strategy. By breaking down a complex goal into week-by-week increments, you can separate the acts of needing to think about materials, deadlines, schedules, etc. from the actual act of learning. By offloading a lot of that work in the beginning, you can hit the ground running with your project and only require less frequent check-ins to adjust your progress.
	- **Homework week 1**
		- create a project library
			- his library serves two purposes: (1) it can allow you to offload some of your motivations, so you don’t feel the urge to switch projects too frequently because you know they’ll sit in your library until you’re ready to start them, (2) it helps you sit and think about ideas for longer before you get started, helping you refine your projects. (Estimated Time: 0-2 hours)
			- What are your learning values? Why are you trying to learn faster? Write out your motivations on a piece of paper (it’s okay to have more than one) and then rank prospective projects according to how well they fit these values. For instance, you might decide your priorities are: (a) career improvement, (b) finishing your academic degree and (c) understanding the world more deeply. Then you might look at a project to self-learn Ruby on Rails and rank it as a: 6/10, b: 0/10, c: 3/10. If you’re like me and have lots of project ideas, this can be a check on which projects make the most sense for you to do first, second, third, etc. (Don’t forget to include fun as a criteria, learning isn’t supposed to be a chore!) (Estimated time: 1 hour)
			-