- [[Time Smart]]
- Every day you make hundreds of time-use decisions that you can con-trol in the moment. You can put your phone down, stop obsessing about what you’ll order for lunch, cancel meetings, and take a walk by a river. You can call a friend, turn off the TV, exercise, and close email in favor of a podcast. These are the moments and actions you’ve focused on so far in this book.
- Some actions, though, are the result of a different kind of decision: a  longer  life-view  decision  made  years  ago  that  may  still  carry  conse-quences for the way you spend your time. For example, choosing a job is,  in  part,  choosing  a  set  of  activities  that  could  force  you  into  time-impoverishing  activities.  Decisions  about  where  to  live  and  whom  to  live with could affect your time affluence for as long as the lease or the mortgage lasts. Having children comes with certain time commitments you must adopt: Should you find time elsewhere, knowing you’re going to devote more to childcare?
- choosing jobs
  collapsed:: true
	- Job  decisions,  especially  early  ones,  funnel  us  into  a  set  of  behaviors that are destined to make us time poor. They can shape the trajectory and time affluence of our entire lives.
	- the  time-focused  people  weren’t  reporting  they  were  happier  because  they  worked  less  or  made  less  money:  many  people  who say they value time also report working fifty- to sixty-hour work-weeks and are doing well financially. But by choosing time-centric ac-tivities  and  focusing  on  career  decisions  that  support  a  time-focused  point of view, they set themselves on a long-term path that meant they had meaningful jobs and made time for friends, family, and hobbies.3
	- In my research, students who valued time also chose different career paths  from  their  money-focused  colleagues
		- Time-focused  students  were more likely to attend graduate school. In contrast, money-focused students were more likely to work full time or pursue business degrees.
		-
- choosing where to live
  collapsed:: true
	- In  one  research  project  a  person  complained,  “One  of  the  things that I hate most is my daily commute. I have come to dread this daily ritual. Every morning and every afternoon, I have to steel myself for what feels like going into a battle that I am doomed to lose.
	- What I want to do is empower you to overcome your inclination to think  of  this  challenge  primarily  in  terms  of  money-for-features.  In-stead, think about your choices from a time-centric point of view.
	-
- planning your time
  collapsed:: true
	- variety helps
	- In Wiseman’s words, “Lucky people just try stuff. Unlucky people don’t do anything until they walk through every single angle and by then the world has moved on.
	-
- saying no
  collapsed:: true
	- Monica’s  unique  solution  to  this  dilemma  is  to  always  say  yes  to  a  conversation, while being more cautious about saying yes to an action. Monica  runs  her  own  boutique  marketing  agency  that  employs  about  twenty graphic designers and copywriters. She often feels that she must be working all the time to bring in new business and manage her team. Constantly strapped for time, she has read many self-help books
	  collapsed:: true
		- At  first,  Monica  thought  that  saying  no  made  sense.  She’d  think,  When  people  email  me  inquiring  about  my  services,  I’ll  simply  say  no  to  a  conversation if I have already met my sales quota. If they want to talk about owning a small business, I have a set answer I give them about why I can’t do that.  However,  she  always  felt  a  bit  uneasy  about  turning  away  people  who were genuinely interested in connecting.
		- Monica changed her tack after taking an improvisation class; improv is  notable  for  forcing  participants  to  say  yes  to  all  ideas  they’re  pre-sented  with  and  working  with  them.
		- To  invite  moments  of  sponta-neity and serendipity into her life, she decided to say yes to an initial conversation with people who inquired. At the same time, as a rule, she would plan to say no to anything beyond a conversation. What’s more, she stacked all the resulting “informational meetings” on one day in the middle of the week. This would break up her nine-to-five weekly grind and ensure that these meetings didn’t distract her from doing impor-tant but nonurgent work like completing client projects.
			- Over  time,  Monica’s  business  and  social  network  expanded  and  flourished.  Although  she  was  careful  not  to  take  on  work  that  would  overstretch  her  team,  saying  yes  to  conversations  allowed  her  to  have  more time for spontaneous connections. One of these conversations led to  a  partnership  with  another  design  firm.  Another  conversation  led  to the hiring of a new, up-and-coming design star. Still another caller became a client of the partner of one of her employees, who specialized in ad copy for biotech companies.
		- By saying yes to every conversation or idea, just like I was taught in improv class, I have been able to let a lot more suc-cess into my life. The best part? This success doesn’t just ben-efit me. It also benefits the people I work with. Through these conversations, I have been able to help my employees find newjobs for their partners or themselves, I have noticed opportunities in the market to take on new and different work, and I have found new staff to take on different kinds of work that I only ever dreamed of completing....So my rule today is that I say yes to the idea or conversation, and more often than not I say no to the implementation (unless the proj-ect or profit margin is too good to turn down). But when some-thing interesting comes my way that I can’t take on, I think about whether someone at my firm or one of my friends could benefit. Then I forward the opportunity to them. This way, I don’t feel overwhelmed, and the people who work with me are provided with a worthwhile opportunity to test their skills.
		-
	- don't use time excuses
	  collapsed:: true
		- people  who  make  time-related  excuses  are  perceived  as  less  likeable  and  less  trustworthy  than  those  who do not.24 This is because time is perceived as under our personal control:  all  of  us,  even  the  busiest  person  in  the  world,  get  the  same  allotment of twenty-four hours in a day. It comes across as a personal preference not to use your time on your colleague’s request
		- Instead, people respond much more positively to those who decline requests using excuses related to money or energy, or provide no excuse at all. So if you really must say no to a conversation, a meeting, or a re-quest from your boss or a colleague, try to make it clear that the reason is something outside your personal control, such as family obligations or unexpected travel.
	- Instead of saying no, you can ask for more time in order to make taking on a request more viable. At work, deadlines are a major source of time stress. A simple, powerful tool to feel more in control of your schedule is  to  push  back  adjustable  deadlines.  This  sounds  easy,  but  we  often  avoid  requesting  extensions  because  we  worry  it  will  make  us  appear  less competent and unmotivated.
	- My data shows we overestimate the likelihood we’ll be perceived in this way.25 As long as we request more time to work on tasks before the deadline has passed, most managers actually believe we’re more moti-vated when they get the request. It’s likely that your colleague or man-ager will grant you an extension unbegrudgingly. In contrast, when we feel stressed but fail to ask for more breathing room on flexible tasks, we end up submitting suboptimal work. We feel dissatisfied, and we end up disappointing our colleagues and our managers—the very thing we were trying to avoid.
	- Of course, some workplaces are unwilling to accommodate time flex-ibility or consider such requests seriously. If you’re searching for a job, make it a point to ask about these policies, and look skeptically at com-panies that don’t consider these issues or seem to be confused by your question (suggesting they haven’t thought much about the value of your time). Still, the number of firms across sectors that are willing to work with you on this is growing; it must, as the battle for talent becomes more intense. Helping workers live time-rich lives can be a recruitment tool.
	- evaluate the opportunity cost
		- you should ask yourself, What am I not doing with that time  that  I  could  be  doing?  And  what  is  the  effect  on  the  time  around  that meal? Did you have to rush to complete tasks? Did it increase your stress trying to make the appointment, and did it affect your work afterward?
		-
- the big why
	- If something makes us happy or gives us purpose, we need to hold on to it. We need to do whatever we can to prioritize it, to care for it, and to not let distractions disconnect us from it. All of us are living lives that are slowly slipping away. In an era of constant distraction, without careful planning our seconds will pass easily, and unhappily.
	-