- technology
	- Technology saves us time, but it also takes it away. This is known as the autonomy paradox. We adopt mobile technologies to gain autonomy over when and how long we work, yet, ironically, we end up working all the time.19 Long blocks of free time we used to enjoy are now interrupted constantly by our smart watches, phones, tablets, and laptops.
	- This situation taxes us cognitively, and fragments our leisure time in a way that makes it hard to use this time for something that will relieve stress or make us happy.
	- time confetti,
		- which amounts to little bits of seconds and minutes lost to unproductive multitasking.21 Each bit alone seems not very bad. Collectively, though, all that confetti adds up to something more perni-cious than you might expect.
		- illustrate this
		- time confetti, which amounts to little bits of seconds and minutes lost to unproductive multitasking.21 Each bit alone seems not very bad. Collectively, though, all that confetti adds up to something more perni-cious than you might expect.
		- LATER  write about my own time confettis and the exp of batching them out
	- Thinking  about  work  while  trying  to  relax  induces  panic,  because  feelings  of  time  poverty  are  caused  by  how  well  activities  fit  together  in our mind. If we are trying to be a committed parent while our work email goes off, we can’t help thinking we should be working on our next deadline instead of being present with our child. This conflict makes us feel like a bad parent (“Why am I thinking about work while trying to hang out with my kid?”) and a bad employee (“Am I hanging out with my kids too much? Will that promotion go to someone else?”).
	- It also takes time to cognitively recover from shifting our minds away from the present to some other stress-inducing activity.25People end up enjoying their free time less and, when asked to reflect on it, estimate that they had less free time than they actually did.26 That’s how invasive the technology time trap is: time confetti makes us feel even more time impoverished than we actually are.
- money focus
	- e  are  taught  and  (incorrectly)  believe  that  money,  not  time,  will  bring  greater  happiness.27  Even  millionaires  make  this  mistake.
	- Research shows that money protects against sadness but doesn’t buy joy
		- Once we make enough money to pay our bills, save for the future, and have at least some fun on the weekend, making more does little for our happiness.
		- **data from 1.7 million people in 165 coun-tries,  researchers  figured  out  the  exact  dollar  amount  at  which  added  money no longer increases happiness. After we make USD$65,000 per year ($60,000 globally), money stops predicting how much we laugh or smile each day**
		- After we make USD$105,000 per year ($95,000 globally), money stops predicting how well we think we are doing in life. If any-thing, once people make a lot of money ($105,000 per year in the United States), they start thinking they are doing worse in life.30
	- After we make USD$105,000 per year ($95,000 globally), money stops predicting how well we think we are doing in life. If any-thing, once people make a lot of money ($105,000 per year in the United States), they start thinking they are doing worse in life.30
- Undervaluing time
	- Because of a cultural obsession with money, many people protect their money  in  ways  that  are  counterproductive  to  time  affluence.
	- Seeking  the best deal and lowest price from a purely dollars-and-cents perspec-tive contributes to time poverty and unhappiness, because we don’t cal-culate the time costs of being so cash conscious.
		- lazypay vs onecard choice
	- or most of us, the idea of trading cash for time doesn’t even cross our minds. This is largely because it’s hard to measure time’s value.44Even if we’re making a bad trade-off between time and money—such as driving two miles out of our way to save 10 cents per gallon on gas—it doesn’t  feel  like  a  bad  choice.  That’s  because  we  know  we  have  more  money than if we paid more for the gas, but we don’t really know the worth of the time it took.
	- For now, you can recognize this time trap in your own life by iden-tifying  moments  when  you’re  making  “cheaper”  decisions.  When  you  book a trip with connecting flights to get a slightly cheaper price, you are falling into a time trap. Suppose you save $300 on that flight, but it takes four hours out of your vacation time on each end of your trip and  increases  your  fatigue  and  stress  resulting  from  getting  up  early  and switching planes. Would you pay $300 for an extra eight hours of vacation—a full workday’s worth—along with less stress and fatigue?
	- My colleagues and I often struggle over whether to pay for an extra night  at  a  hotel  or  fly  red-eye  back  home  after  a  conference  to  save  a  little money. I recently endured a red-eye flight, arrived home cranky, and entered into an awful fight with my partner. In retrospect, I’d have paid the $130 it cost to stay the extra night to salvage the day we both lost to anger and stress.
- Busyness as status
	- More than ever, our identities are tied to work. The best data show that people living in the United States increasingly look toward work—not friends, families, or hobbies—to find purpose.
	- **workism  is  the  “newest  religion competing for congregants.”** -> illustrate
	- 95percent of young adults said that having an “enjoyable and meaningful career” was “extremely important” to them.
		- One student met with me five times in one semester  to  try  to  figure  out  her  future  plans.  I  said  to  her,  “You  are  twenty  years  old  and  almost  a  Harvard  College  graduate.  There  are  no bad choices. I spent my junior year in college dressing up in a frog costume and doing yoga for course credit, and everything turned out fine!” Let’s just say she was not impressed.
		- busyness at work now carries status. We wear it like a badge of honor.47 We want to be seen as the employee who works the longest hours (even when these hours aren’t productive)
		- Financial  insecurity  also  drives  workism,  and  it’s  on  the  rise.
		- **his  fear  is  deep  seated,  sometimes  resulting  from  exposure  to  in-equality at a young age. When my colleagues and I asked people how unequal their neighborhood was where they grew up, and how impor-tant money is to them right now, we discovered that people exposed to greater income inequality as kids were more likely to say their self-esteem was influenced by how much money they made**
		- Even if it feels good in the moment for someone to see the email you sent  on  Saturday  at  8:30  p.m.,  this  behavior  contributes  to  an  overall  unhealthy and unhappy life. The workism time trap is contributing to your time poverty (and the time poverty of your colleagues).
- idleness aversion
	- Blaise  Pascal  said,  “All  of  humanity’s  problems  stem  from  [our]  inability to sit quietly in a room alone.”
	- Technology may help us avoid being alone with our thoughts, but it is a trap that contributes to stress and time poverty. Constant connec-tion to technology prevents the brain from recovering, keeps our stress levels elevated, and takes us out of the present.
	- In fact, idleness has been shown to be a valuable form of leisure and can  increase  time  affluence.  The  mindfulness  movement,  whether  in  the form of meditation, prayer, or some other framework, is effectively practiced idleness. Although mindfulness training can be completed at home  and  self-guided  through  websites  and  apps,  it  does  take  effort.  But it’s worth it. The physical and mental benefits of disengaging the brain are far more valuable than the stress created by keeping the mind engaged at all times.59
- The yes damn! effect
	- Most  of  us  are  overoptimistic  about  our  future  time.60  We  believe,  dumbly, that we will have more time tomorrow than we do today.61 This is sometimes referred to as the planning fallacy.62 I call it the “Yes...damn!” effect
	- The cost of saying yes in the present is low (and it feels good to say yes to people), and the future seems like a place filled with open time—that is, until the future becomes the present, and we often wish we could take back the things we said yes to
	- Statistically,  the  best  predictor  of  how  busy  we  are  going  to  be  next  week  is  how  busy  we  are  right  now.  So  the  decision  to  say  yes  to  later  commitments even though I’m too busy now is a bad bet. Our minds fre-quently forget this important point and trick us into believing we’ll have more time later than we do now. This overoptimism means that we’re cav-alier with our yeses, even for small stuff we don’t want to do (you’ll learn more about how to say no in chapter4). We genuinely want to say yes to everything  we  get  asked  to  do.  We  see  saying  yes  as  a  way  to  overcome  idleness and feel productive, connected, valued, respected, and loved
	- And where does the time to fulfill these commitments come from? From the leisure time that we could be using to feel more time afflu-ent, of course. We run ourselves around from activity to activity, feeling pressed  for  time,  failing  to  enjoy  ourselves.  We  keep  ourselves  over-whelmed in the hopes that this busyness will provide us fulfillment.
	- LATER document all my planning falacies till now and how I would approach it differently
- How to overcome time traps ?
	- begin by recog and documenting
	- As  with  efforts  to  get  fit,  increasing  your  time  affluence  re-quires taking small, deliberate steps each day to enjoy your free time (and have more of it). And like getting fit, it’s not easy at first. Both soci-ety and our psychology conspire against us to make the traps extremely appealing.
	- Keeping the exercise metaphor going, just as you shouldn’t punish yourself  for  not  being  perfect  in  your  workout  habits,  don’t  ever  beat  yourself up about being bad at prioritizing time. Remember, multiple forces are making it difficult. We don’t naturally respond to time pov-erty in a way that controls it.
	- Stress  spurs  busyness,  which  creates stress, which spurs busyness.
	  collapsed:: true
		- A  friend  pointed  out  that  this  behavior  is  the  diet  equivalent  of  saying, “Wow, I feel fat—time to have another burger.”
		- when we feel time poor, we take on small, easy-to-complete tasks because they help us feel more control over our time.65 We think, There! I made a protein shake and finished that errand. I’m getting stuff done! In this case, it’s a false sense of control that doesn’t alleviate the root cause of our busyness
	- Time poverty feels the same for everyone, but time affluence looks different  for  everyone.
	- Working  toward  time  affluence  is  about  recognizing  and  overcoming  the  time  traps  in  our  lives  and  intentionally  carving  out  happier  and  more  meaningful moments each day.
	-