---
article for hashnode competition
$500 -> top 10
by jan 7th -> 7 days to fix all my dev problems
1.  Your blog post must include the campaign title, "Dev Retro 2022," and be related to the theme of reflecting on your journey as a developer.
2.1.  Multiple submissions are allowed.
determined by the popularity of their blog posts. Popularity will be determined based on the total views, likes, and conversations on a post.

---

haikyuu -> tie to characters
A more human programmer in the year of AI
it is about the code, not the people


January -> will need to review logs paid apps
feb -> same paid resources
march -> same 
april -> same
may -> weblfow commitment
june -> 
july -> ineuron
aug -> web3conf
sept -> slumber and first missed opp
oct -> when gave up on unfold ?
nov -> slog
dec -> blockchain week

# Nobody cares about your code
As i was reviewing my coding year I realised that the long monk mode periods did not stand out. However where it can stand out is it prepares you to face the world when u go out.
What stood out was the impact I had on people and the interactions.
Seeing code is not the magic part. Seeing the impact it has on people is. 
Hackathon winner -> how turned his life around.
-
- general tips plus coding
- ask for rt
- entropy and how to overcome it
	- hidden enemy of a programmer
	- overcome with velocity
	-
- fixes
	- systems vs goals
	-


# Notes from the trenches
## Lessons from my worst year as a programmer

I've worked from home all my life. In 2022 we moved houses : a place of our own after more than 2 decades of living out of a rented space. That meant, a new office space for me!.

At our old place we had really bad broadband internet. (Predecessor of fiber internet for those of you too young to know.). Therefore the first thing I set up at the new house was a fast fiber internet connection. In fact I set it up even before setting up my bed, it was that important. 

If you visited me around those days, you would have caught me frequently staring into my phone and blushing. And assumed I was conversing with some cute girl.

I was only checking out the speed of the new connection. 

After years of struggling through broken lines, it felt like I had the first pillar of stability in place.

### Monitor
This year I invested in an ultrawide monitor. 
A lot more code fits onto the screen now. And my eyes don't threaten to pop out at the end of every workday. 

--pic --

### Paid resources
Having finally reached a stage where my time looked more valuable than scouring through youtube and medium for the right tutorials, I invested in some paid resources :
1. Webflow course 
2. 6 figure freelancer (I have not become one yet)
3. Scrimba membership 
4. Fireship 
5. ui.dev

But none of these additions made a substantial boost to my speed. For the record, I firmly believe these will help me in the long run. But for the here and now, what made me develop was not things that made life easier. But things that made life more uncomfortable, challenging. Times when I was pushed against the wall.


## This year's first hackathon
Budding Indian programmers will share my admiration for Hitesh Sharma. When he announced the launch of his own e learning company with a bunch of prominnent Indian youtubers, I was checking out their website when I came across a hackathon announcement. 

It was already tuesday, the hackathon was scheduled on Saturday. I thought there was no chance of getting in so late, so might as well shoot my shot. I applied and soon recived the acceptance call. Any self doubt left was overcome by the desperate urge to travel and I headed to the big city without having joined any team. 

Once there I teamed up with 2 other hackers and we began coding on the given problem statement. This was the first time I was able to connect the frontend of a webapp to a blockchain network. What looked difficult earlier turned out easy with the help of teammates. 

### Web3conf India
Web3conf India was held in the month of August in my home state. Which meant this time I did not have to travel and had the option of going there from home, while continuining my work from home in evening. Intead i put up at relative's place near by. The offline evenings there and the scenic beauty of the venue helped me feel refreshed and I made some new friends.

Technical note : This gave me the first hint that web3 development field is very strong in India.


Energized by these 2 events, I felt a higher levelo of energy in my life, both, in work and outside of it. There were no life changing events but I was on an upward trajectory. 

I could work faster
I was meeting new people
I began trying out new avenues of investment (the aforementioned transition to webflow)

To summarise, I was starting to dream bigger.

Then it came crashing down

I applied for unfold hackathon. This time there were no role models I was looking forward to, just the prize money. 
At dinner table, when I informed of my acceptance and the need to travel, my mother asked :

"Is there any benefit to all these hackathons ?"

Even immediately I could understand where her reasoning was coming from. In 2019-20 I had traveled to multiple cities to compete at hackathons, winning none and only qualifying for the final presentation once. Financially, there was no visible return on investment and until then I had not given that aspect a concscious thought. That evening I did, for the first time. And that made me ignore all other benefits.

I still had enoguh resolve left to go compete, but an sms on the morning of my departure announced that my bus was cancelled. I did not have enough resolve to book another. So I cancelled my plans too and withdrew from the competition and resumed client work. Convincing myself that it was the best use of time. After all, that was what brought in the money.


### The slow burn
Burnout does not occur from working on things you enjoy. Burnout is ignited by self doubt, by the question whether you are exerting energy on the right activity. 

As I slogged through the client work, there was a resentment growing. A sense that I was missing out on things . These negative feelings snowballed into a giant mess. To the point that I started questioning whether I was a right fit for this line of work. All the contacts I developed earlier in the year turned from a source of inspiration to jealousy.

How did they find it so easy what I struggled with ?

I carried these feelings well into december. But there was one notable difference from the dips suffered in previous years.

May be it was the battle-hardning after struggling through the whole decade at various aspects of life.

May be it was the added sense of responsibilities from taking on more client work than at any other point of my life

May be it was the support of those around me

Or the realisation that, when all else fails, putting pen to paper and unshackling my brain never fails to make me feel better.

This year I was not consumed ny existential doubts which prevously occupied my mind. Yes, I questioned my fit as a programmer but I was finally beginning to see an answer to that question. An answer that's still blur but I know how to uncover.

### December progress
There's a phrase in my mother toungue to describe people like me who get everything done at the last minute. 

It loosely translates to 'one who doesn't work until their tail is on fire'. (Except, replace tail with what humans have there).

I'm aware of this trait and actively overcoming it. Even then, this theme naturally repeats throughout my life and the same happened in the context of the year. 

Two events, both last minute 
I gave a talk on how to approach web development in 2023. The process of curating the talk reconnected me to my values and long term goals. Interacting with the curious studnts reminded me of where I was at the start of my journey and how much progress I have made since then.

And straight from the talk venue, I caught the bus to Bangalore again!

### EthIndia
This time to Asia's biggest Ethereum hackathon.
EthIndia 2-22 


###### Note : Although it was a bad year for programming, it was a year of growth in some other complementary skills:
1. I learnt a lot about business, freelancing and delegation and how it frees up time 
2. I increased by design speed by leveraging design kits and learning how to create moodboards.
3. 