- Always looked down on people drinking
- Also looked down on artistic people
- Yesterday I tried the former and resolved to never do it again. Today I am trying  out the scond and resolve to do it forever
- I believed there was some correlation between creativity and alcohol. Literally everyone creative I knew indulged in it
- Replacements for alcohol
	- nature
	- deep convos
	- meditation
	- new experiences in general
	- music
- replace crativity with writing
	- humor on trying out other forms of art
- will ai replace it ?

Soundof the waves crashing on the rocks, I was talking to a friend about my life goals.  I told her, once I'm done serving computers, I want to go back to my true calling. Writing


## My first inspiration
For bal shri award I answered my inspiration as Kaka. But I had not read any of his work. I only knew him from people's opinions. Nevehr had any experience of having a kaka. 

as good as he was publicly, and society today needed a strong leader like him. He was not a good family man. He left more problems behind than any benefits. And some years after his passing, I'm done keeping quite. I'm done preserving a fragile reputation. If it broken, it can be rebuilt. My cousin is already well on his way. And I've to hit my highs.

## Lowest
Instead, I hit my lowest. As I rode back home, I was concious of  thoughts. Face turning into a wry smile. 

### The aftermath
I texted a frined and told him what I was feeling. We discuss world domination while sober. SO defaulted to the other  topic. 
My face is a stoi and vbery few can read. Whatever sadness is, it comes out through written words. And he got hit with a barrage of soul piercing texts. At the end of the night, I was sleeping like a baby. My phone battery hav
