- Writing is the fundamental block of everything you do
	- document
		- Document your day ideally between every pomodoro
		- this will force you to deconstruct your thoughts. which will reveal why you could or could not meet your objectives then 
		- your estimates will need acute info about steps to be taken which can be best described in words only
	- process
		- u have to save what works and discard what does not
		- then onboarding becomes easy for you next time
		- u will also be able to demo to others how u will meet their expectations and not taking silly shots
	- marketing
- choose tools fast and discard faster until you find what works for you. kind of like dating
	- what worked for me was notion os by futur. Paid. Before that what worked was note taking software and analog viusalisations. U will quckly figure out what works for you,. may be expt each tool for a projecxt per week. Dubsado annual ? 
- investing directly in your business is the biggest motivator. But not as big as your why
	- my inestments -> 
		- futur course aND template. template worked more
		- flux courses -> webflow and 6fig. both not taken seriously yet but will act as good investments in future
- delegate fast. commit less
	- or at least write out tasks so you know what exaCTLY NEEDS TO BE DONE
- you dont have to choose a niche now but u have to define and refine it constantly
	- unless u are experineced (tech as well as netwqrods) u will mot have enough info to choose and chase a good niche so better to get work under belt first
	- a good way is to choose based on an upcming meetup event. create work around it and then pitch to people you meet there
- u suck at estimation
	- 
- dont be a people pleaser
	- if u wait to tell/show what people want to see or hear u wiill
		- undermine what u want from this project. fine to disagree but dont passively force or passively adjust
		- bend to client demands without coming up with a better alternative
- best way of self development. front foot freelance
	- if allowed finasncially, this can be the best way to judge ur value in the world . but tjh
- everything is an experiment
- measure days in pomodoros
- measure months in weeks
- force finances down your throat or u will keep ignoring
- work around your energy. will have to be even more clever as a one person agency
- conduct half day experiments in place of estimations
- work only in flow or move to shallow
-